{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue128;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 // Copyright (C) 2011  Paul Miller. This file is part of TX Modular system distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (see file LICENSE).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 The TX Modular System - Introduction to Release 082\
\
1. Background
\b0 \

\b 2. Thanks\
3. License
\b0 \

\b 4. Comments, suggestions & bug reports
\b0 \
\

\b 1. Background
\b0 \
This system was designed and written between 2002 and 2011. It started out as a few ideas for a MIDI-controlled synth and quickly expanded in scale and complexity to become a modular system. \
\
The current system includes various modules, such as:  sample-players, loop players, envelope generators, multi-waveform synths, filters, noise generators, LFOs, delays, compressor/expanders, flangers, pitch-shifters, reverbs, vocoders, distorters, ring modulators file recorders, file players, and step sequencers. Click for a full list: \ul \ulc0 [TX_Intro to All Modules]\ulnone \
\
External controllers can be connected the system - such as a MIDI keyboard, slider, joystick, iPad, Wii Remote, graphics tablet, ribbon controller, or foot pedal. OSC (Open Sound Control) messages can be sent to and from the system across a local network or through the internet. Visual compositions created using Quartz Composer can be displayed and controlled directly from within the system.\
\
The TX Modular System is written in the SuperCollider programming language ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://supercollider.sourceforge.net/"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://supercollider.sourceforge.net/}}). However, you don't need to know how to program in SuperCollider to use this system. If, on the other hand, you can program in SuperCollider, there are various modules which allow you to add your own code, e.g. for audio generation or animation.\
\
I hope there is enough information for you in these help files to begin experimenting and creating. \
\
Paul Miller            email:  txmod@palemoonrising.co.uk\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 2. Thanks
\b0 \
For assistance in creating this system, big thanks to: Matthew Dennis, Gerald Dennis, Zachary De Santos, Matt Black, and the amazing SuperCollider community.  \
\

\b 3. License
\b0 \
The TX Modular System is free software released under the GNU General Public License:\
 - see [\ul LICENSE\ulnone ] 
\i \cf2 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \

\b \ulnone \
4. Comments, suggestions & bug reports
\b0 \
I would welcome any suggestions to make the code more efficient and effective. \
Likewise, for any bug reports/solutions, or ideas for new modules. \
To report bugs or make comments/suggestions, please contact: 
\b txmod@palemoonrising.co.uk\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 For the latest release of the TX Modular System go to: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.palemoonrising.co.uk"}}{\fldrslt www.palemoonrising.co.uk}}
\b \
\

\b0 Next help file: [\ul TX_2 Audio Setup\ulnone ] 
\i \cf2 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \
\ulnone \
Main help file: \ul [TX_0 TX Modular Help]\ulnone  
\i \cf2 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \
\
}