{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue128;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 // Copyright (C) 2011
\fs30  
\fs24 Paul Miller. This file is part of TX Modular system distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (see file LICENSE).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 The TX Modular System - Building an Interface\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
INDEX:\
1.0 Introduction
\b0 \

\b 2.0 Displaying & Editing the Interface Screens
\b0 \

\b 3.0 Design Interface window
\b0 \

\b     3.1 Widget Types
\b0 \

\b 4.0 GUI Properties floating window
\b0 \

\b     4.1
\b0  
\b Action Buttons\
    4.2
\b0  
\b Notes Box\
    4.3
\b0  
\b Check Box
\b0 , 
\b Number Box
\b0 , 
\b Popup
\b0 , 
\b Knob, Sliders, \
           2-D Slider & 2-D Tablet
\b0 \

\b 5.0 Run Interface window
\b0 \

\b     5.1
\b0  
\b Snapshots\
6.0 Notes on Building Interface Screens 
\b0 \

\b     6.1 Running more than 10 actions in an Action Button
\b0 \

\b     6.2 Loading a Snapshot with an Action Button
\b0 \

\b     6.3 Displaying an Interface Screen with an Action Button
\b0 \

\b     6.4 Meaning of "unmapped" module parameters\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 1.0
\b0  
\b Introduction
\b0 \
There are 2 basic sides to the TX Modular System, the 
\b System
\b0  itself and the 
\b Interface
\b0 .\
The 
\b System
\b0  is all the modules and channels which actually make and process the sounds. \
The 
\b Interface
\b0  is a customisable user interface on a set of screens that control the System.\
20 screens can be customised with 
\b Widgets
\b0  - such as sliders, knobs, buttons, number boxes, popups and text boxes. These widgets can control any of the modules or channels within the system. For example: buttons to start and stop sequencers, sliders or knobs to change volume levels, popups to change synthesiser waveforms.\
It might be easier to build a system first before designing the interface for it - of course, both can be changed again later.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Note
\i0\b0  - the example file: 
\b InterfaceWidgets
\fs24 . shows how various widgets can be used.
\b0\fs30 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 2.0 Displaying & Editing the Interface Screens
\b0 \
The buttons 
\b Run Interface
\b0  and
\b  Design Interface
\b0  are used to display and edit the interface screens. \
On the row below these buttons, the first box is popup where 
\b Screens 1-20
\b0  can be selected. By default, each screen has a simple white label box on it showing the screen number (e.g. "Screen 1").\

\b Run Interface
\b0  - this window displays all the widgets and makes them active (i.e. so they do something when you interact with them and will also respond to midi, if set to).\

\b Design Interface
\b0  - this window is for adding widgets and designing the layout of interface screens (see below).
\b \
GUI Properties
\b0  - this floating window is for changing the look of the widgets and what they control in the system (see below for more details). It is optionally displayed whenever the Design Interface
\b  
\b0 window is selected and floats on top.\
\

\b ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 3.0 Design Interface window
\b0 \
This window is for adding widgets and designing the layout of interface screens. \
All widgets are shown inside boxes - the currently selected widget(s) will be in a red box, all the others will be in a black box. \
Each widget has a unique ID number beginning with a W which is written in red inside its box.\
Near the top of the screen is a row of controls used for this screen:\

\b Screen no
\b0  - of currently displayed screen (Screen 1-20)\

\b Grid size
\b0  - this is the number of pixels in each box of the grid which widgets are placed on. The default grid size is 10 (pixels).\

\b Add widget
\b0  - button and popup (yellow) to select which type of widget will be added.\

\b Width
\b0  & 
\b Height
\b0  - of widget to be added.\

\b Show GUI Properties
\b0  - opens the 
\b GUI Properties
\b0  floating window when selected. (See below)\

\b Delete selected widgets
\b0  - button to delete currently selected widgets (shown with red boxes around them)\

\b Clipboards
\b0  - these are places to store numbers when you are building a system. You can copy a number between the clipboards and any number box by dragging with the Apple/Command key pressed - you will see a blue symbol labelled" float" when you are dragging the value. \

\b Note:
\b0  
\i (as displayed on screen)
\i0  - Click on a single widget and grab its corners to change its size. Use Shift key with mouse clicks to add to group of currently selected widgets. Use Command key with mouse drag to add a widget from the yellow popup menu above, or to clone currently selected widgets. \
\

\b 3.1 Widget Types\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Various different widgets can be added to the interface screens.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 - For running commands/actions
\i0\b0 :\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Action Button
\b0  - to run up to 10 commands or "actions", such as setting a module's parameters, or starting/stopping sequencers. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 - For displaying text:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 Label Box
\b0  - For displaying a single line of text or just a coloured box (with no text).\

\b Notes Box
\b0  - For displaying a multiple line block of text.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 - For editing parameters from modules or channels:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Check Box
\b0  - a button which can be toggled on and off (like a channel mute button) \

\b IP Address 
\b0 -
\b  
\b0 for editing a network IP address from a module\

\b Knob
\b0  - Circlular knob for editing a numerical value\

\b Number Box
\b0  - box for editing a numerical value\

\b Popup
\b0  - selecting a choice of various items with a popup menu\

\b Slider H
\b0  - Horizontal slider for editing a numerical value\

\b Slider V
\b0  - Vertical slider for editing a numerical value\

\b Slider Number H
\b0  - Horizontal slider with number box next to it\

\b Slider Number V
\b0  - Vertical slider with number box under it\

\b 2-D Slider
\b0  - 2-dimensional slider which can control 2 different sets of parameters at once\

\b 2-D Tablet
\b0  - 2-dimensional slider which can control multiple sets of parameters at once\

\b Text Display Box
\b0  - for displaying a display-only text parameter from a module\

\b Text Edit Box - 
\b0 for editing an editable text parameter from a module\
\

\b ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 4.0 GUI Properties floating window
\b0 \
This window is for changing the look of the widgets and what they control in the system.\
It is optionally displayed whenever the 
\b Design Interface 
\b0 window is selected if it has 
\b Show GUI Properties 
\b0 selected.\
The screen and widget displayed will change depending on what widget is currently selected in the Design Interface window.\
At the top of the window, in the 
\b Current screen
\b0  section, you can select the screen number, give the screen a name.\
The "
\b Copy or load another screen
\b0 " popup allows you to copy widgets from another screen as well as to load or save the current screen to a file.\

\b Screen image
\b0  adds a background image to the Interface screen (with various image modes for stretching and tiling).\

\b Screen colour
\b0  can be set using the colour picker, choosing a preset or by setting Red/Green/Blue/Alpha values. The alpha value is for transparency, with 0(minimum) being totally transparent, and 255 (maximum) being totally opaque.\
Below this are setting for the 
\b Current widget
\b0 , including ID, type, size, position, and other properties different for each type of widget. \
For example, a Label box will have "Text to be displayed", but a Number box won't.\
The following widgets have properties that need extra explanation: \
\

\b 4.1
\b0  
\b Action Buttons\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The 
\b Midi Trigger
\b0  settings allow the action button to be triggered by a midi note on for a specific midi note number on a range of settings. \
The 
\b Key Trigger
\b0  settings allow the action button to be triggered by pressing a specific computer keyboard key.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Action settings
\b0 : Actions are commands or instructions for any modules in the system. 10 actions can be set.\
Examples of actions include: changing the settings of any modules in the system, triggering notes to play, starting and stopping sequencers. \
There are 3 columns for the actions:\

\b Module 
\b0 - the module that will be instructed to carry out an action. \
(
\i\b Note
\i0\b0  - the first module shown is "System" where actions such as "Sync start" can be found.)\

\b Action 
\b0 - the action to be carried out when the button is pressed. Each module has different actions that can be carried out, so the options given will change depending on the module chosen.\

\b Value settings 
\b0 - settings that are relevant to the action: these are given in the name of the action. \
For example a Wave Synth module has an action called "Play note: midi note + velocity + gate time". The name indicates that values need to be set for midi note, velocity and gate time.\
Some actions don't require any value settings. For example, the Step Sequencer has an action called "Start Sequencer" which doesn't require any value settings since it simply starts the sequencer.\
\

\b 4.2
\b0  
\b Notes Box\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The 
\b Store Notes
\b0  button must be pressed once you have added or edited text - otherwise your changes won't be kept. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 4.3
\b0  
\b Check Box
\b0 , 
\b Number Box
\b0 , 
\b Popup
\b0 , 
\b Knob, Sliders, 2-D Slider & 2-D Tablet
\b0 \

\b Parameter update settings
\b0 : parameters of up to 5 modules or channels in the system which the widget will be update. \
There are 5 rows for the settings each with 3 columns:\

\b Module 
\b0 - the system, module or channel that will be updated.\

\b Parameter to update 
\b0 - the parameter to be updated when the widget is edited. Each module has different parameters that can be edited, so the options given will change depending on the module chosen.\

\b Extra parameter settings 
\b0 - extra settings that are relevant to the parameter; these are shown in the name of the action.\
For example a Step Sequencer module has a parameter called "set Group Note: value, group". The name shows that as well as the value of the note being updated by the widget, an extra parameter needs to be set for the group to be updated. \

\b Note: 
\b0 The parameter in the 
\i\b first row
\i0\b0  of the "parameter to update" column will determine the 
\b range
\b0  of possible values that the widget can have. \
Whenever the widget is displayed, it will show the current value of the parameter in the 
\i\b first row
\i0\b0  of the "parameter to update" column. \
This means that even if there are parameter settings in the other 4 rows, the widget will show only the value of the parameter in the first row.\
This is necessary because only 1 can be "in charge" in case of conflicts. \
When the value of the widget changes (e.g. when a slider is moved), it will send its value to all parameter settings in each of the 5 rows, apart from empty ones.\
See section 
\b 6.4 
\b0 below to see how "unmapped" module parameters can be used so that single widget can control multiple parameters with different parameter input ranges.\
\

\b ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 5.0 Run Interface window\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 When this window is displayed, all the widgets on the current screen are made to be 
\b active
\b0  - i.e. so they do something when you interact with them and will also respond to midi (if they have alreadybeen set to in the 
\b GUI Properties
\b0  window).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Note
\i0\b0  - If you switch to a different screen, 
\i\b only the widgets on the current screen will be active
\i0\b0 . This means that you can assign the same midi notes or controller numbers to widgets on different screens, yet they will only be active on the currently shown screen. By using multiple screens, this allows for very flexible midi assignment.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
5.1
\b0  
\b Snapshots\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 A Snapshot is like a photograph of all the settings on all the modules in a system. \
Near the top of the 
\b Run Interface
\b0  window is the 
\b Snapshots
\b0  popup labelled "
\b Load Snapshot ...
\b0 ". \
There are 99 Snapshots in the system which can be selected here. They are all empty to begin with - free to be saved and named.\
If a snapshot is 
\b empty
\b0  when you select it (as shown by it's name), a box will appear where you can write the snapshot name as well as a "
\b Save snapshot
\b0 " button to save the current settings in your system.\
If a snapshot isn't empty when you select it, the new snapshot will be loaded and settings on modules and channels will be updated.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Note
\b0  - a snapshot will save or load settings for all the modules and channels that 
\i\b currently exist
\i0\b0  in your system. \
However, if you save a snapshot and then delete or add more modules or channels to your system, then when you load that snapshot the system will be different. \
The snapshot will still load, but some of the modules it tries to update might have been deleted. And if there are new modules, then they won't have been saved in the snapshot so their settings won't be updated when you load the preset. \
This means the snapshot isn't the complete system, so it may sound or behave differently to when you originally saved the snapshot.\
If you change the system after saving a snapshot, it is probably worth reloading the snapshot, check it sounds as you want, and then overwriting the snapshot - use the Overwrite button that appears next to the snapshot name.\

\b \
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 6.0 Notes on Building Interface Screens
\b0 \
\

\b 6.1 Running more than 10 actions in an Action Button
\b0 \
If you need to run more than 10 actions in an action button, use an Action Sequencer to hold all the actions and use the action button to start the Action Sequencer.\
\

\b 6.2 Loading a Snapshot with an Action Button
\b0 \
If you need an action button to load a Snapshot, add the following action:\
	Module: "
\b System
\b0 ", Action: "
\b Set Snapshot
\b0 " (select the required snapshot)\
\

\b 6.3 Displaying an Interface Screen with an Action Button
\b0 \
If you need an action button to display a particular Interface Screen, add the following action:\
	Module: "
\b System
\b0 ", Action: "
\b Show Screen 1/2/...
\b0 " (select the required screen no.)\
\

\b 6.4 Meaning of "unmapped" module parameters\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 When setting the "parameter to update" for a slider, knob or numberbox, some parameters have the word "unmapped" in their description.\
 For example, a Filter module will have "set Frequency" and "set Frequency unmapped" in the "parameter to update" options which both set the Frequency of the waveform.\
If you look in the Waveform module window, you will see frequency by default has a range of values from 40 to 20000 hz.\
A slider that had the "parameter to update" popup as "set Frequency" would therefore set values in the range 40 to 20000. \
On the other hand, a slider that had the "parameter to update" popup as "set Frequency unmapped" would set values in the range 0 to 1 - this is always the range of unmapped parameters. \
The reason for having the unmapped option is for when, for example, you want to have a slider widget that controls the frequency and resonance of the filter at the same time.\
If you look in the Waveform module window, you will see resonance by default has a range of values from 0 to 1. This is different to the range of values for frequency, which is 40 to 20000.\
If you tried to update the resonance of the filter with the slider widget that was based on the frequency range of 40 to 20000, it would just be set to a value of 1 - it's maximum value.\
The solution would be to set the first row of the "parameter to update" popup set to "set Frequency unmapped" and the second row set to "set Resonance unmapped". This will then send the slider widget's unmapped value (between 0 and 1) to both the frequency and resonance sliders in the Filter module. \
Say for example, you then set the slider widget to half way (value 0.5). This would set the filter's actual frequency to 894 (half way through its range), with the resonance set to 0.5.\
You only need to use the "unmapped" version when you are creating multi-parameter sliders like in this example.\
\
Main help file: \ul [TX_0 TX Modular Help]\ulnone  
\i \cf2 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\ulnone \
Previous help file: \ul [TX_4 General Notes]\ulnone  
\i \cf2 <-click on underlined text\
}