{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue128;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 // Copyright (C) 2011  Paul Miller. This file is part of TX Modular system distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (see file LICENSE).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \
TX Autonomous Standalone Systems\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b0 \cf0 Please note
\i0  - this set of instructions is for experienced users. It assumes you already know how to build systems and interface screens.\
\
A TX Autonomous Standalone System is a copy of the TX Modular Standalone which automatically loads a pre-saved system. The pre-saved system and any external files used by the system, such as samples, are enclosed within the self-contained app. \
An autonomous system can't be edited or saved, so it's like a play-only version of a TX Modular instrument or system. \
\
The screen layout is different to the normal TX Modular system. Only the Interface screens are shown and the system itself is hidden - none of the modules, channels or other system screens can be accessed directly. \
Along the top of the screen, only the Volume slider and Quit button are displayed, but not any other system buttons (Help, Open File, Save File, etc.) nor any screen selection buttons (Modules, Signal Flow, etc). So the interface looks much simpler.\
\
Since all the external files used by the system - such as aiff & wav samples & loops, Quartz files - are placed in a folder inside the standalone, it is completely self-contained, which makes it easy to give to other users.\
\
A TX Autonomous Standalone system could be useful for example in creating an installation where you want users to easily open a prebuilt system every time the installation is set up. (e.g. the Inteface might just have a simple Play button to start it up.) Or to create a standalone Audio/Visual instrument for live playing and sharing with other players.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 -----------------------------------------------------\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 How to create a TX Autonomous Standalone System:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 1 - first build an instrument using the TX Modular system, with all needed controls added onto  Interface screens, and save it. Make sure to put equivalent SyncStart and SyncStop buttons onto the interface screens if they're needed since the system buttons won't be shown. \
If you have controls on more than one interface screen then you will need a way to navigate between screens. \
For example, by creating "Next" and "Previous" action buttons on each screen to jump between them, or a row of buttons such as "Screen 1", "Screen 2", etc.\
For an example of interface screens with simple screen jump buttons, see the file  "
\b Four_Live_Loopers
\b0 " in the "
\i\b TX Mod Examples/Larger_Systems
\i0\b0 " folder.\
\
2 - make a new copy of the TX Modular system standalone application (or download one from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.palemoonrising.co.uk"}}{\fldrslt www.palemoonrising.co.uk}}) and rename it.\
\
3 - open the folders inside the standalone in 
\b Finder
\b0  by Command (or right-) clicking and selecting "Show Package Contents". \
\
4 - inside the standalone there is a folder called"
\i\b Contents/Resources/SCClassLibrary/TX Mod Classes/system/TXDefaultSystemData/
\i0\b0 ".  Into this folder, put a copy of the prebuilt TX Modular system you want to use and rename the copied file as: 
\b TXDefaultSystem
\b0 . When the TX Modular System starts and finds the file TXDefaultSystem in this folder, it opens it automatically as a TX Autonomous Standalone System.\
\
5 - make a copy of any external files used by TXDefaultSystem also putting them inside the standalone in the folder "
\i\b Contents/Resources/SCClassLibrary/TX Mod Classes/system/TXDefaultSystemData/
\i0\b0 " . \
Make sure to include all Wav/Aiff files in Loop and Sample Banks used by File Players, Loop Players, Sample Players, Granulators, Convolutions, as well as any Quartz files used by Quartz Players.
\i\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Please note
\i0  - any external files which aren't placed in the TXDefaultSystemData folder won't be loaded by the system since, unlike the normal TX Modular system, an autonomous system won't look in external folders. This keeps it self-contained.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 -----------------------------------------------------\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Main help file: \ul [TX_0 TX Modular Help]\ulnone  
\i \cf2 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\ulnone \
}