{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 // Copyright (C) 2011  Paul Miller. This file is part of TX Modular system distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (see file LICENSE).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf2  
\b \cf0 \
The TX Modular System - Intro to All Modules in Release 082\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 - This document shows all the modules available. They are grouped by module type.\
- For an 
\b alphabetical
\b0  list of all modules see:\
	 \ul \ulc0 [TX_List of All Modules]\ulnone  
\i \cf3 <--- click on underlined text
\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 -------------------------------------------------\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
INDEX:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 1. AUDIO SOURCE MODULES\
2. CONTROL SOURCE & ACTION MODULES\
3. AUDIO INSERT MODULES\
4. CONTROL INSERT MODULES\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 -------------------------------------------------\
1. AUDIO SOURCE MODULES\
\
Polyphonic, triggered \cf0 \
Filter Synth (mono) - 
\b0 creates synth notes by filtering an audio signal.
\b \
FM Synth (mono)
\b0  - creates polyphonic synthesised notes using Frequency Modulation (FM) Synthesis.
\b \
Granulator (mono) - 
\b0 takes a mono sample from the sample bank and plays small "grains" from it which are panned in stereo.
\b \
LoopPlayer (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 takes a mono or stereo loop from the loop bank and plays it back.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Pluck (mono)
\b0  - creates notes based on a physical model of a plucked string.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Sample Player (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 takes a mono or stereo sample from the sample bank and plays it back. 
\b \
Sample Player+ (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 this is an enhanced version of the Sample Player module which includes a filter, 2 LFOs, an extra envelope and a modulation matrix.
\b \
Table Synth (mono) - 
\b0 creates polyphonic synthesised notes using wavetable synthesis. Wavetables are single waveforms made up from a mixture of different harmonics. 
\b \
Wave Synth (mono) -
\b0  creates polyphonic synthesised waveform notes from a choice of many different waveforms.
\b \
Wave Synth+ (mono)
\b0  - this is an enhanced version of the Wave Synth module which includes a filter, 2 LFOs, an extra envelope and a modulation matrix.\

\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 Drones, not triggered\cf0 \
Noise White-Pink - 
\b0 produces a mix between white and pink noise. 
\b \
Vosim
\b0  - outputs a synthesised waveform as a mono audio signal using a technique called VOSIM - the name comes from VOice SIMulation.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Waveform (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 outputs a synthesised waveform as an audio signal. 
\b \
Wave Terrain 
\b0 This module outputs a synthesised waveform as a mono audio signal. The synthesis is based on a mathematical model of an object moving over a 3D terrain. SuperCollider users can change the computer code that defines the terrain and orbit.\

\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 Audio File\cf0 \
File Player (mono & stereo) -
\b0  plays audio files (such as wave or aiff files) from the hard disk. 
\b \
\
\cf4 Audio Input\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Audio Inputs - 
\b0 outputs signals coming into the audio inputs. 
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Mid-Side Encoding\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 M-S Encoder 
\b0 - this takes a stereo audio signal and converts into mid and side signals.\

\b M-S Decoder 
\b0 - this takes mid and side signals and converts them into a stereo audio signal.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 \
Mixing\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Matrix A 8x8
\b0  - mixes 8 audio input signals into 8 output channels using a 64-knob matrix.
\b \
Mix Audio 8-1 - 
\b0 mixes 8 mono audio input signals.\

\b Mix Audio 16-2 -
\b0  mixes 8 stereo audio input signals. \

\b X-Fader (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 crossfades between two audio input signals. 
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
SuperCollider Code\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Code Source A (mono & stereo) 
\b0 - use SuperCollider computer code within the TX Modular system to generate an audio signal.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 \
-------------------------------------------------\
\
2. CONTROL SOURCE & ACTION MODULES\
\
Analysis\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Amp Follower - 
\b0 follows the amplitude (volume level) of an audio signal coming into it. 
\b \
Audio Trigger - 
\b0 triggers up to 10 actions when the amplitude (volume level) of a mono audio signal coming into it goes above a certain level. 
\b \
Analyser 
\b0 - this uses various different tools to analyse a mono audio signal coming into it.\

\b CyclOSC Colour
\b0  - this module analyses the video data coming in from a video camera to check for the presence of a particular target colour which you can set.\
You can also to define a zone which means that the target is looked for in only certain parts of the video grid. This is useful for triggering events only when a target colour enters a space. For example, by adding multiple modules you can create colour-sensitive hot-zones in an interactive performance or installation space. This module is designed to be used with the software 
\i\b Processing
\i0\b0  running on the same computer. 
\b \
CyclOSC Grey
\b0  - this module is similar to CyclOSC Colour except it looks for a shade of grey instead of a colour.
\b \
Pitch Follower
\b0  - follows the pitch of a mono audio signal coming into it.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Envelopes, triggered\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Env 16-stage - 
\b0 creates 16-stage envelopes as control signals. 
\b \
Env Curve - 
\b0 user-defined envelope as control signal. The curve can be edited with a mouse. 
\b \
Env DADSR - 
\b0 creates DADSR (Delay Attack Decay Sustain Release) envelopes as control signals. 
\b \
Trigger Impulse - 
\b0 module outputs a very short impulse when triggered. It was built to create a trigger signal that can sent to the Trigger input of a Sample and Hold module.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
MIDI\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 MIDI Controller - 
\b0 outputs a control signal between 0 and 1 based on midi controller messages received for a particular controller number.
\b \
MIDI Control Out
\b0  - this sends out MIDI controller messages. The controller value can be modulated.\

\b MIDI Note - 
\b0 outputs a control signal between 0 and 1 based on midi note messages received.
\b \
MIDI Out
\b0  - this sends out various kinds of MIDI messages.\

\b MIDI Pitchbend - 
\b0 outputs a control signal between 0 and 1 based on midi pitchbend messages received.
\b \
MIDI
\b0  
\b Velocity - 
\b0 outputs a control signal between 0 and 1 based on midi note velocity messages received.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Mixing\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Group Morph 
\b0 - for morphing between the different 4 groups of values of 15 control signals. Designed to simplify the control of multiple parameters of other modules.\

\b Matrix C 8x8
\b0  - mixes 8 control input signals into 8 output channels using a 64-knob matrix.
\b \
Mix Control 8-1
\b0  - mixes 8 control input signals. \

\b X-Fader 2-1 C
\b0  module -  for modulatable cross-fading between 2 control signals.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 \
Modulation\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 LFO - 
\b0 Low Frequency Oscillator for modulating parameters on other modules. \

\b LFO Curve
\b0  - Low Frequency Oscillator with an editable waveform curve - using a mouse.
\b \
Perlin Noise
\b0  - A Random Low Frequency Oscillator based on 3 dimensional Perlin Noise - useful for adding non-repetitive variation (i.e. "organic movement") to module parameters.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
OSC\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 OSC Controller -
\b0  outputs a control signal from OpenSound Control ('OSC') messages received.\

\b OSC Control 2D -
\b0  outputs two control signals from OpenSound Control ('OSC') messages received.\

\b OSC Control Out
\b0  - this
\b  
\b0 module sends an OSC message to up to 10 different network addresses. The OSC messages have 2 arguments, the OSC string and the control value. The control value can be modulated. This allows communication across a network to other TX Modular systems running on other computers, or to any software (such as Processing & Max/MSP) that can respond to OSC messages.
\b \
OSC Out
\b0  - this
\b  
\b0 module sends an OSC message to up to 10 different network addresses. This allows communication across a network to other TX Modular systems running on other computers, or to any software (such as Processing & Max/MSP) that can respond to OSC messages.\

\b OSC Remote - 
\b0 this
\b  
\b0 module is designed for linking up an external device that sends OSC messages - such as a phone or an iPad running TouchOSC,  or another computer running the TX Modular system or other OSC software. Each OSC String is linked to an Action within the TX. 
\b \
OSC Trigger
\b0  - this
\b  
\b0 module can trigger up to 10 actions when OSC messages are received as long as the OSC message begins with a string that matches the OSC string on the screen. OSC message arguments can be passed to the actions.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 \
Note Stacker\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Note Stacker - 
\b0 This triggered module makes no sound itself but instead triggers notes in other modules, with the option of modifying the pitch or velocity of the notes for various effects. \
Up to 18 different modules can be triggered, arranged in 6 layers each with 3 output modules. The modules on a layer can be played together, rotated each time the layers is played, or randomly chosen. Each layer has curves for modifying the overall velocity response, as well as individual note level and tuning for each note across the keyboard range.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 \
Sequencers\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Action Sequencer
\b0  - this can trigger all kinds of actions at specific times. Actions are commands or instructions for any modules in the system, such as changing the settings of any module in the system, triggering notes to play, starting and stopping other sequencers.\

\b Step Sequencer - 
\b0 can trigger notes in other modules as well as outputting control signals for note and velocity values.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Sliders\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Action Slider
\b0  - this module triggers up to 10 Actions when the value of a slider crosses a certain level (the trigger threshold). Both the value and trigger threshold can be modulated.
\b \
Simple Slider - 
\b0 has a slider that outputs a control signal between 0 and 1.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
SuperCollider Code\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Code Source C 
\b0 - use SuperCollider computer code within the TX Modular system to generate a control signal.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 \
Visual\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 QC Particles
\b0  - this module creates a new window which contains a video screen running a 3D particle system animation built in Quartz Composer.
\b \
Quartz Player
\b0  - this creates a new window containing any Quartz Composer Composition which can be controlled by the the TX Modular system. This can be used with other modules to create interactive and/or automated audio-visual systems. (Quartz Composer is a very powerful visual engine that comes free with OS X.)\

\b Animate Code 
\b0 - use SuperCollider computer code within the TX Modular system to generate an animation which is displayed in its own window.
\b \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Wii\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Wii Ctrl Darwiin
\b0  - This module outputs a control signal between 0 and 1 based on a selected Wii or Nunchuck control, including: acceleration, rotation, button and IR camera data. To use this module, you will need the software 
\i\b DarwiinRemote OSC
\i0 .\
Wii Ctrl OSC
\b0  - This module outputs a control signal between 0 and 1 based on a selected Wii or Nunchuck control, including: acceleration, rotation, button and IR camera data. To use this module, you will need the software 
\i\b OSCulator
\i0\b0 .
\b \
Wii Trig Darwiin
\b0  - This module triggers up to 10 Actions when a Wii button is pressed on or off. To use this module, you will need the software 
\i\b DarwiinRemote OSC
\i0 .\
Wii Trig OSC
\b0  - This module triggers up to 10 Actions when a Wii button is pressed on or off. To use this module, you will need the software 
\i\b OSCulator
\i0\b0 .\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 \
-------------------------------------------------\
\
3. AUDIO INSERT MODULES\
\
Channel tools\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Mono to Stereo (mono input, stereo output) 
\b0 - Converts a mono audio signal into a stereo signal by panning between the left and right channels. \

\b Stereo To Mono - 
\b0 converts a stereo audio signal into a mono signal by mixing the left and right channels. 
\b \
Stereo Width - 
\b0 adjusts the perceived width of a stereo audio signal by mixing the left and right channels in different proportions. 
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Delay\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Delay (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 delays an audio signal. If the feedback in not zero, the delays will be repeated and gradually die away.
\b \
Live Looper (mono) - 
\b0  records the audio input signal into a loop recorder. 
\b \
MultiTap Delay (mono input, stereo output) - 
\b0 puts a mono audio signal through four delay taps which each have their own delay time ratio, level and pan controls.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Ping Pong (mono & stereo)
\b0  - creates a ping-pong delay that bounces from side to side. 
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Distortion\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Amp Sim
\b0  
\b (mono & stereo)
\b0  - Ampllifier Simulator. This module adds distortion to the input signal, similar to the sound of vacuum-tube amplifiers. It adds a roughness and warmth to the signal.
\b \
Bit Crusher (mono & stereo)
\b0  - this module distorts the input signal in by reducing the sample rate and bit size.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Disintegrator (mono & stereo)
\b0  - distorts the input by amplifying random half-cycles of the signal.
\b \
Distortion (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 can distort the input signal in various ways, adding a roughness and/or warmth to the signal. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Waveshaper (mono & stereo) 
\b0 - adds distortion to the input signal using a function curve, which can be drawn by hand or generated automatically based on harmonics and noise.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural
\cf0 X Distort (mono & stereo)
\b0  - simulates 
\b crossover distortion
\b0  in class B and AB power amplifiers. 
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Dynamics\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Compander (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 detects the amplitude (volume level) of a stereo audio signal coming into it. It can function as a compressor or expander/ gate.\

\b Gain (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 controls the gain (volume level) of an audio signal coming into it.
\b \
Limiter (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 limits the volume (amplitude) of an audio signal to a certain level (called the threshold). \

\b Normalizer (mono & stereo) -
\b0  flattens the dynamics (i.e. the volume or amplitude) of an audio signal to a certain level. 
\b \
Transient Shape - 
\b0 shapes the transients in a mono audio signal. Attack and sustain of incoming audio can be separately controlled with the divide frequency affecting how attack and release are separated.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
EQ/ Filter\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 DC Remove
\b0  - this removes any DC offset from an audio signal.\

\b EQ Graphic (mono & stereo)- 
\b0 31-band EQ that cuts or boosts frequencies in an audio signal.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural
\cf0 EQ Para (mono & stereo)
\b0  - a parametric filter which cuts or boosts certain frequencies in an audio signal by a specified amount.
\b \
EQ Shelf (mono & stereo)
\b0  - shelving filter which cuts or boosts frequencies in an audio signal above or below a cutoff frequency.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Filter (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 cuts or boosts certain frequencies in an audio signal.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Modulation\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Chorus (mono & stereo)
\b0  - creates a chorus effect on a mono audio signal using several modulated delay lines. 
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Flanger (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 creates a flange effect on a mono audio signal using a modulated delay line, with the flange time being modulated by a low frequency oscillator (LFO). 
\b \
Notch Phaser (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 creates a phasing effect on an audio signal using notch filters, with the filter frequency being modulated by a low frequency oscillator (LFO).
\b \
Phaser - 
\b0 creates a phasing effect on an audio signal using allpass delay lines, with the phase time being modulated by a low frequency oscillator (LFO).
\b \
Ring Modulator - 
\b0 ring modulates one mono audio signal (called the Modulator) onto another mono audio signal (called the Carrier). Ring modulation creates a complex signal which constists of the frequencies of the Modulator and Carrier being added together as well as subtracted from each other.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Pitch Shift\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Pitch Shifter
\b0  
\b (mono & stereo) -
\b0  shifts the pitch of an incoming audio signal.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Recording\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 File Recorder (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 records audio signals and writes them to aiff or wave files on the hard disk. 
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Reverb\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Convolution (mono & stereo)
\b0  - Convolution uses impulse response samples to simulate reverbs, filters/EQ, microphones, speakers, amplifiers as well as to produce special effects. 
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Reverb/ ReverbA/ ReverbF/ ReverbG (mono & stereo) - 
\b0 add reverbs of various different characters to an audio signal.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Spectral\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Spectral FX
\b0  - analyzes the frequency spectrum of a signal. Once analysed, the signal can then be transformed, using up to 6 different processes (from over 50 choices). In addition a side chain input can be used to introduce a second audio signal for processing.\

\b Vocoder - 
\b0 applies the frequency spectrum of one mono audio signal (called the Modulator) onto another mono audio signal (called the Carrier).
\b \
Vocoder FX - 
\b0 applies the frequency spectrum of one mono audio signal (called the Modulator) onto another mono audio signal (called the Carrier). It also allows the spectrum to be stretched and shifted.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
SuperCollider Code\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Code Insert A (mono & stereo) 
\b0 - use SuperCollider computer code within the TX Modular system to process an audio signal.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 \
Synthesis\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Harmoniser -
\b0  listens to the pitch and volume of the audio signal coming and creates a synthesised waveform with the same pitch and volume. 
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
-------------------------------------------------\
\
4. CONTROL INSERT MODULES\
\
Analysis\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Slope
\b0  - measures the velocity or acceleration of a control signal. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 \
Delay\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Control Delay - 
\b0 delays a control signal. 
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
Modify\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Sample and Hold - 
\b0 outputs a control signal based on the input signal as well as a trigger input signal. Two types of processing are available: Sample & Hold and Gate & Hold.
\b \
Smooth - 
\b0 for smoothing out a control signal over time. 
\b \
Warp - 
\b0 for "mapping" or changing the behaviour of a control signal. The incoming signal is mapped using a "transfer curve" which is displayed on the screen.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
SuperCollider Code\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Code Insert C 
\b0 - use SuperCollider computer code within the TX Modular system to process a control signal.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 \
-------------------------------------------------\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Main help file: \ul [TX_0 TX Modular Help]\ulnone  
\i \cf3 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \
}