{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue128;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 // Copyright (C) 2011  Paul Miller. This file is part of TX Modular system distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (see file LICENSE).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \
MIDI/ Note Button\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Many triggered audio modules have a 
\b MIDI/ Note Button
\b0 , including these:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Filter Synth, FM Synth , Granulator, Pluck, Sample Players, Table Synth, Wave Synth, Wave Synth +
\b0 .\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Midi Listen
\b0  - this allows the module to be triggered by midi Notes, and to respond to midi Pitchbend and midi Sustain Pedal (controller no. 64) messages.\

\b Midi Channels
\b0  - set the midi channels the module will listen to. \

\b Note range
\b0  - which notes will trigger the module.\

\b Vel range
\b0  - which velocities  will trigger the module.\

\b Keyboard tracking
\b0  - sets whether pitch will be fixed or follow the keyboard note that is sent when the module is triggered.\

\b Transpose
\b0  - transposes the note played up or down. \

\b Pitch bend
\b0  - sets the value and range of the pitch bend. \

\b Polyphony
\b0  - maximum number of simultaneous notes that can be played at one time. If more are played, note stealing will happen - i.e. existing notes will be cut short. \

\b Intonation
\b0  - option for different sets of note ratios. The default is 
\b equal temperament
\b0 , which is how most modern western instruments are tuned, with semitones equally spaced in each octave. Historically, many other tunings have been used and are still used around the world.The other options give a few different sets of 
\b just intonation
\b0  note ratios which are much more natural sounding than equal temperament.  Simple intervals and chords often sound very beatiful with these tunings. Sometimes, just intonation tunings can sound a bit strange when you play in certain keys harmonically far away from the root note. This is because the semitones are not equally spaced. \

\b Note ratios
\b0  - display of the note ratios for all 12 semitones\

\b Key/ root
\b0  - the root note from which all other notes are calculated using the note ratios. This only makes a difference to just intonation tunings, not equal temperament.\

\b Keyboard
\b0  - this can be used to trigger the module, by clicking with a mouse.The keyboard range is from midi note C1 to B6  (midi note numbers 36 to 107). When using this keyboard, the Velocity will be taken from the velocity slider below it.\
\
Main help file: \ul [TX_0 TX Modular Help]\ulnone  
\i \cf2 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
}