{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 // Copyright (C) 2011  Paul Miller. This file is part of TX Modular system distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (see file LICENSE).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf2  \

\b \cf0 The TX Modular System - Audio Setup Window\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
When the TX Modular System is started, the 
\b Audio Setup
\b0  window is displayed first. This is where you configure your audio settings, before starting the audio engine.\
The controls are as follows:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Start Audio Engine button
\b0  - this will start the engine and display the main TX Modular System window. Only press this once you have set the options for your audio device - see below.\
\

\b Quit button
\b0  - This quits the TX Modular System completely.\
\

\b Audio Device For Input and Output
\b0  - This sets the audio device that will be used for audio input & output to & from the the TX Modular System. \
- If you set this to Use Default, it will use the default device for your computer. To check or change the default audio device, run 
\b Audio MIDI Setup
\b0  which can be found in the folder: 
\b Applications/ Utilities
\b0 . Select on the 
\b Audio Devices
\b0  window and see which device is marked with symbols for sound input and output.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf0 Note: 
\i0\b0  You won't be able to start the audio engine if you select 
\i built-in microphone
\i0 , 
\i built-in input
\i0 , or 
\i built-in output
\i0  as the Audio Device because they aren't valid as inputs 
\i and
\i0  outputs (they are just one or the other). To use your built-in microphone or built-in input for input and your built-in output for output, you need to first create a virtual "aggregate" device using 
\b Audio MIDI Setup
\b0 . (See notes below).\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Audio Device Sample Rate
\b0  - If you set this to Use Default, it will use the default settings for the device. If you change it to another value, make sure it is valid for that device.\
\

\b Audio Device Buffer Size
\b0  - If you set this to Use Default, it will use the default settings for the device. If you change it to another value, make sure it is valid for that device. \
\

\b ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \
Notes: Creating an Aggregate Device in Audio MIDI Setup\

\i0\b0 To use your built-in microphone and/or built-in input for input and your built-in output for output, you need to create a virtual "aggregate" device (a virtual device that wraps two or more other devices). \
\
If you create an aggregate of your built-in microphone, built-in input and built-in output, you can use this single aggregate device as the Audio Device for the TX Modular System. You need to set up this aggregate device only once.\
\
To do so, you have to open the 
\b Audio MIDI Setup
\b0  application (in 
\b /Applications/Utilities
\b0 ) \'96 you should do this from an user account with administrator privileges. \
On the 
\b Audio Devices
\b0  window click on the plus [
\b +
\b0 ] button in the bottom left corner to add a new aggregate device. \
Double click on its name in the list (by default "Aggregate Device") and change it to a more specific name, for example "Built-in Audio". Then check the Use column for the devices you want to combine, that is your microphone and/or line input and the built-in output. \
Right click on the new aggregate device and select both "
\i use this device for sound input
\i0 " and "
\i use this device for sound output
\i0 ".\
\
Then close 
\b Audio MIDI Setup.
\b0 \
\
[Based on notes from the SuperCollider swiki.]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Next help file: \ul \ulc0 [TX_3 Building a System]\ulnone  
\i \cf3 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \
\ul \
\ulnone Previous help file: [\ul TX_1 Introduction\ulnone ]   
\i \cf3 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \
\ulnone \
Main help file: \ul [TX_0 TX Modular Help]\ulnone  
\i \cf3 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \
}