{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red128\green0\blue128;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 // Copyright (C) 2011  Paul Miller. This file is part of TX Modular system distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (see file LICENSE).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 The TX Modular System - Building a System\

\b0 \cf2   
\b \cf0 \
INDEX:\
1.0 Basic concepts in the TX Modular System\
	1.1 Signals
\b0 \
	
\b 1.2 Modules
\b0 \
	
\b 1.3 Channels
\b0 \

\b 	1.4 Busses
\b0 \

\b 2.0 Using the TX Modular System
\b0 \

\b 	2.1 The TX Modular Window\
	2.2 The System and the Interface\
	2.3 System buttons\
	2.4 Interface buttons\
	2.5 History buttons < &  >
\b0  
\b \
3.0 Building a system in the Modules & Channels Window
\i  [with \cf3 Example\cf0 ]
\i0 \
	3.1 Adding a new module and channel\
	3.2 Naming a channel \
	3.3 Hiding the controls for a module\
	3.4 Displaying the controls for a module\
	3.5 Editing the controls for a module\
	3.6 Selecting a source bus in a channel
\b0 \
	
\b 3.7 Adding insert modules to a channel\
	3.8 Setting a destination for a channel\
	3.9 Modulating the controls of a module\
4.0 Using FX send busses in audio channels\
	4.1 Creating a channel for an  FX send bus\
5.0 Connecting a module to more than one destination\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 1.0 Basic concepts in the TX Modular System\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 1.1 Signals
\b0 \
There are 2 type of signals flowing around a TX system:  
\b audio
\b0  
\b signals
\b0  can be heard through loudspeakers, whereas 
\b control
\b0  
\b signals
\b0  can't be heard but are used to control things within the system - such as the loudness of a synth.\
\

\b 1.2 Modules
\b0 \
A 
\b module
\b0  is a basic unit in the system which does something, such as generate a waveform, play a sample or filter a sound.  A 
\b source module
\b0  (such as a waveform or sample player) generates a signal from scratch, whereas an 
\b insert module
\b0  (such as filter or delay) takes a signal and processes it in some way before outputting a new signal. \
Different modules output different kinds of signals, so there are 
\b audio 
\b0 and
\b  control
\b0  
\b source modules, 
\b0 as well as
\b  audio 
\b0 and
\b  control
\b0  
\b insert modules
\b0 .\
There are also 
\b action
\b0  modules, which don't use signals at all. They usually just give commands or instructions to other modules.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 1.3 Channels
\b0 \
Think of a channel like the channels on a mixing desk. It is where a signal coming from a source gets connected to a destination. For example, you may want to take a sample player output put it through a flanger and connect it to your soundcard output. You would use a 
\b channel
\b0  to make the connections.\
When a new 
\b source module
\b0  is created, a 
\b channel
\b0  is created automatically. \
Inside the channel, you can add up to 5 
\b insert modules
\b0  to process the signal, as well as setting  a 
\b destination
\b0 , ie. where you want the signal to be sent.\
There are 
\b audio
\b0  and 
\b control
\b0  
\b channels
\b0 . \
\

\b 1.4 Busses
\b0 \
Within the system, there are also 
\b audio
\b0  and 
\b control busses
\b0  carrying various signals.  \

\b Busses
\b0  are used by 
\b channels
\b0  to connect 
\b modules
\b0  to each other or to the 
\b audio outputs
\b0 .  \

\b Insert
\b0  
\b modules
\b0  have one or more 
\b input busses
\b0  going into them. \

\b Source
\b0  and 
\b insert
\b0   
\b modules
\b0  have one or more 
\b output busses
\b0  coming out of them. \
There are 
\b 16
\b0  
\b main out busses
\b0  which send the audio signals to your 
\b audio outputs
\b0  on your computer or audio interface. \
There are 
\b 4 FX send busses
\b0  which, just like in mixing desk, are used for sending signals from 
\b audio channels
\b0  to a shared bus to then be processed in some way - e.g. for adding reverb. \
Finally, there are 
\b 10
\b0  
\b audio
\b0  
\b aux busses 
\b0 and 
\b 10
\b0  
\b control aux busses
\b0 . These are for mixing and routing audio and control signals within the system.\
\

\b ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 2.0 Using the TX Modular System
\b0 \
\

\b 2.1 The TX Modular Window\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The top 2 rows of buttons are visible on all windows in the system. \
The 
\b Help
\b0  button opens the main help file with links to all other help files. \
Next are buttons to 
\b open 
\b0 a file of previously saved system, and 
\b save
\b0  the current system to a file.  If you save or open a file, its name will appear on the line below these buttons. \
Next are buttons to 
\b rebuild system
\b0 ,
\b  clear system
\b0  or 
\b quit
\b0 . You occasionally need to 
\b rebuild
\b0  a system if one of the modules crashes, but it shouldn't be needed often. 
\b Clearing
\b0  a system means removing all the modules and channels. Use 
\b quit
\b0  to close down the TX Modular system.  Another way to quit is to close the TX Modular System window by clicking on the red x button at the top left of the window.
\b \

\b0 The 
\b Sync Start button
\b0  is for starting any modules in the system that have their sync start option selected. Certain modules - Action Sequencers
\b ,
\b0  Step Sequencers
\b , 
\b0 File Players and File Recorders have a Sync Start option so that multi layered sequences can be started together.\
The 
\b Sync Stop button
\b0  is for stopping any modules in the system that have their sync stop option selected.\
The
\b  Stop All button
\b0  is for stopping all modules in the system regardless of any sync options.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Sync Start
\b0 , 
\b Sync Stop
\b0  & 
\b Stop All 
\b0 - these 3 buttons  allow Action Sequencers
\b ,
\b0  Step Sequencers, Fle Players and File Recorders to be started and stopped together. Each one can be set  to respond to Sync Start and Sync Stop instructions. Stop All will cause all modules to stop regardless of their sync start and stop settings.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The 
\b Panic! All Notes Off button
\b0  stops any notes still playing in the system. This is useful if you ever get a stuck note from a midi keyboard. Please note that any notes with a slow decay envelope setting will take their own time to end after the panic button is pressed.\
The 
\b Play Test Note
\b0  button will play a short note on all audio outputs. This is useful for testing that all audio is working and connected properly.
\i\b \
N.B. 
\b0 If you don't hear a note when you press the Play Test Note button, then please see previous help file:  [\ul TX_2 Audio Setup\ulnone ] \cf4 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \
The 
\b Meters
\b0  popup menu allows you to select any module or bus in the system and display its output(s) on a meter. Meters are on separate movable windows. Audio signals are shown in loudness units (-90dB to 0dB); Control signals are shown directly (range -1 to +1).\
The 
\b Volume
\b0  
\b slider
\b0  sets the output level to your soundcard.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 2.2 The System and the Interface\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The 
\b system 
\b0 and the 
\b interface
\b0  are like the engine and cockpit, the back and front of the TX Modular System.\
The 
\b system 
\b0 is where you create 
\b modules
\b0  and connect them together using 
\b channels
\b0 . \
The 
\b interface
\b0  is where you can design up to 20 screen layouts, with"widgets" such as knobs, sliders, buttons, and text boxes which are used to control the modules in the system. \
MIDI control is also available. For example, you could create a screen with 8 sliders and 8 buttons. These "widgets" can then be connected by MIDI to an external midi controller with 8 sliders and buttons. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
2.3 System buttons\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The 
\b Modules & Channels 
\b0 window is opened when the system starts. It is where you can add new modules to the system and connect them using channels to other modules or outputs or aux busses. This window is explained more fully below.\
The 
\b Signal Flow 
\b0 window is designed to make it easier to see how a whole system works. It shows how audio and control signals flow around the system between modules, channels and busses. As you add modules and connect them together in the Modules & Channels window, they will automatically be added to the Signal Flow window. Blue lines show audio signals and green lines show control signals. The layout of the Signal Flow window can be easily changed (by clicking and dragging). \
The 
\b Sample Bank
\b0  and 
\b Loop Bank
\b0  windows are for adding individual samples or loops into the system. They can then be used by Sample Player, Loop Player and other modules. \
You can set the frequency of samples and the total number of beats in loops. \
Groups of samples or loops can also be saved separately as a bank. You can also load one or more whole banks that have been previously created into your current system.\
The 
\b Notes & Options 
\b0 window is where you can set a background image for the main window (with various image modes for stretching and tiling), change the window colour and transparency, and set "Ask for confirmation before deleting Modules and Channels", which is YES by default. There is also space for adding notes about a built system. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
2.4 Interface buttons\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 The 
\b Run Interface 
\b0 window is for running the interface - once it's been built. \
The 
\b Design Layout 
\b0 window is for adding or deleting widgets - such as sliders or buttons.\
The 
\b Gui Properties 
\b0 floating window, which can be opened from the Design Layout window, is for setting what each widget looks like and what it controls.\
For further details on the Interface windows, see help file:\
\ul \ulc0 [TX_5 Building an Interface]\ulnone  
\i \cf4 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 2.5 History buttons < &  >
\b0  
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 These move backwards and forwards (< &  > ) through the history of previously viewed windows.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 3.0 Building a system in the Modules & Channels Window
\i  with \cf3 [Example]
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Since the
\b  Modules & Channels Window
\b0  is the window you will initally be working with some detailed notes follow. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Note
\b0 : 
\i0 To make the explanation easier to understand, I've added some notes for building an example system in 
\i blue italics.  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Example
\b0 : First press the 
\b Modules & Channels
\b0  button.]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 3.1 Adding a new module and channel\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Select the module you want to add in the popup box which says "Select module  ...". \
Modules are separated under different subheadings, which are shown in grey. \
The type of module - 
\b [control]
\b0  or 
\b [audio]
\b0  or 
\b [action]
\b0  - is shown in brackets after the module name.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  In the "Select module  ..." box select the module called 
\b Waveform [audio]
\b0  under the subheading
\b  [Drones, not triggered]
\b0 . Waveform is a mono synthesiser.]
\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Set 
\b copies X 1
\b0  to the number you want - maximum 20.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Leave it set to 
\b copies X 1
\b0 .]
\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 When you press the 
\b Add new module(s)
\b0  button, the module gets created. Also an 
\b audio 
\b0 or
\b  control
\b0  
\b channel
\b0  is automatically created with it, depending on the type of module you selected. (If you add an 
\b action
\b0  module, then a channel won't be needed.)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Press the 
\b Add new module(s)
\b0  button. 
\b N.B.
\b0  You won't hear any sound until later on in the example.]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 On the left of the window, you will see the System Modules list showing all modules in the current system.\
To the right of this, you will see all the controls for the module you've just added.\
To the right of this are the Channels in the current system.\
The 
\b new module
\b0  you have just created is shown in the channel's 
\b source
\b0  . \
Note that once you have added a new module, a 
\b number
\b0  appears in square brackets next to the module's name within the channel column. This makes it easier to know which module you are dealing with if you create lots of modules of the same type in your system. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  See the button labelled 
\b Waveform [1]
\b0  in the new channel, 
\b Channel 1
\b0 , which you just created]. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 Directly on the right of the channel source is a small white triangle on a thin blue column. If you click on it, you can change the 
\b channel source
\b0  to something else.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 3.2 Naming a channel \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 A white space is provided to the right of the word 
\b Name
\b0  for you to enter a name for the channel. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Note
\b0  - When you are adding text or numbers onto the screen, once you have finished typing, always make sure to press the 
\b Enter
\b0  or 
\b Carraige Return
\b0  button on your computer keyboard to tell the system to update itself. Otherwise, the system will ignore what you have typed in. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Type "
\b Synth
\b0 " into the channel name, and press the 
\b Enter
\b0  button on your computer keyboard.]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 3.3 Hiding the controls for a module\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 To hide the controls for a module, press the blue 
\b Hide module box
\b0  button.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Press the 
\b Hide module box
\b0  button now.]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 3.4 Displaying the controls for a module\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 This can be done in 2 ways:\
1- By clicking on the module you want from the System Modules list on the left hand side of the window. \
2- By clicking on the module name in a Channel that it's part of.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 3.5 Editing the controls for a module\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Once the controls for the new module are shown in a box on the middle of the window, you can  edit them.\
Any numbers in the controls of a module can be changed quite quickly by clicking on the number and dragging your mouse.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Click on  
\b Waveform [1]
\b0  in 
\b Channel 1
\b0  to display the controls. \
Change the waveform from a 
\b Sine wave
\b0  to a 
\b Sawtooth wave
\b0  using the 
\b Waveform
\b0  popup button.\
Then click on the 
\b Frequency
\b0  button first, and change the Frequency to 
\b 200
\b0  using the 
\b Freq
\b0  slider or by clicking and dragging over the number itself.]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b \cf0 Note:  Help, Pause, Delete, Rebuild and Presets buttons:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 All modules have a 
\b Help
\b0  button which opens a help window specifically for that module.\
Most modules also have a 
\b Pause
\b0  button (which stops it running temporarily until pressed again). All output from the module will stop if it is paused.\
They also have a 
\b Delete
\b0  button. If you delete a source module, the channels that it is in will also get deleted, along with any insert modules in the channel.\
Most modules also have a 
\b Rebuild
\b0  button. This rebuilds a  module in case for any reason it has stopped running or crashed (this is rarely needed!).\
There is also a 
\b Presets
\b0  popup button with options for:\
- storing and loading module settings as Presets.\
- copying and pasting all the settings from one module to another using a clipboard - both modules will need to be the same module type for settings to be copied. \
- saving and loading all the settings to or from a  file (useful for using the same settings in a different TX Modular system).  \
A 
\b comments
\b0  space is provided at the top of each module for you to add any notes. When a Preset is created, the comments
\b  
\b0 text will be displayed next to the Preset no,  so it can be used to give each Preset a name.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 3.6 Selecting a source bus in a channel
\b0 \
Some modules, such as the Audio In module, will have more than one output bus that you can select in the popup box next to the words 
\b Source Bus
\b0  . \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 : The 
\b Waveform [1]
\b0  module has only one option for source bus: 
\b Out 
\b0 ]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 3.7 Adding insert modules to a channel\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 You have the option of adding insert modules into the 5 slots provided in each channel. Audio and control channels have different options for insert modules. \
Once you have selected an insert module, it's controls appear on the left side of the window.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Note
\b0  - If you add an incorrect insert module, you can use the 
\b d
\b0  (delete) button which appears next to it to remove it from the channel.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  In the popup box next to the 
\i0 words 
\i\b Insert 1
\b0  select 
\b Flanger
\b0  and you will see the controls for the flanger appear on the left of the window.\
Change the 
\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0  of the 
\b Flanger
\b0  to 
\b 0.2
\b0  for a more subtle effect.]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 3.8 Setting a destination for a channel\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 To the right of the word 
\b Destination
\b0 ,
\b  
\b0 the destination popup box selects where the signal in a channel will be sent. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Select 
\b Main Outs
\b0  as the destination]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b \cf0 Note
\b0  - If you add an incorrect destination module, you can use the 
\b d
\b0  (delete) button which appears next to it to remove it from the channel.\
If the destination has more than one destination bus, a different one can be selected in the popup button to the right of the word 
\b Dest. Bus
\b0 . \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  
\b Main Outs
\b0  has 8 options for Dest. Bus:  
\b Out 1 + 2, Out 3 + 4, ...
\b0  
\b Out 15 + 16
\b0 . \
Set it to 
\b Out 1 + 2
\b0 .\
You should now hear the synth playing.\
Adjust the volume using the 
\b Level
\b0  slider for 
\b Channel 1
\b0 .]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b \cf0 3.9 Modulating the controls of a module\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Once you've added a module, if you want to modulate any of its controls, you can add a new control source module (such as an LFO) to the system, and set the channel destination and destination bus to the module control you want to modulate. This is best understood by seeing the example below.
\i \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Add a new 
\b LFO [control] 
\b0 module by first selecting it from the popup box to the left of the 
\b Add new module(s) 
\b0 button; and then pressing the 
\b Add new  module  
\b0 button.\
Set the 
\b Frequency
\b0  of LFO [1] to 
\b 0.25
\b0 .\
You will see a new control channel , 
\b Channel 2
\b0 , with 
\b LFO [1]
\b0  as the source.\
Set the 
\b destination
\b0  of this channel to 
\b Waveform [1]
\b0 .\
Set the 
\b dest. bus
\b0  of this channel to  
\b Frequency
\b0 . \
You will hear the LFO affecting the frequency of the 
\b Waveform [1]
\b0  module.] \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 You can use the 
\b level
\b0  slider to control how much modulation is applied. N.B. However much modulation you add, the control that you are modulating will stay within the limits of its minimum and maximum values.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Use the 
\b level
\b0  slider on the channel of LFO [1] to change the amount of modulation. Notice that on the maximum level, the frequency reaches a ceiling level which it cannot go above. This ceiling is set by the 
\b Min-Max
\b0  controls below the 
\b Frequency
\b0  slider in the 
\b Waveform [1] 
\b0 module. By changing these, you can change how high or low the 
\b Frequency
\b0  is allowed to go.] 
\i0 \cf0 \
The 
\b invert
\b0  checkbox will invert the modulation meaning that the control signal will be subtracted instead of added. \
The 
\b off 
\b0 checkbox in the channel will stop the modulation. \

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Press the 
\b Invert
\b0  checkbox and you will hear the LFO reducing the frequency of the 
\b Waveform [1]
\b0  module, instead of increasing it. Press it again to go back to the increasing frequency.\
Press the 
\b Off
\b0  checkbox and the modulation will stop. Press again and the modulation will start again.] \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 4.0 Using FX send busses in audio channels\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Once you've activated an audio channel, you can send the signal to an FX Send bus by pressing the 
\b white FX send buttons
\b0  to the right of the words  
\b FX Send 1-4
\b0 . \
Once they have been pressed the buttons will show the 
\b number
\b0  of the 
\b FX Send bus
\b0  selected (1/2/3/4).\
To the right of each FX send button is a 
\b slider
\b0  to set the signal 
\b level
\b0  sent to the FX send bus.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Turn on the 
\b FX send 1
\b0  button in 
\b Channel 1
\b0  for the  
\b Waveform [1] 
\b0 module.\
Then set the 
\b FX send 1 slider
\b0  of 
\b Channel 1 
\b0 to half way.\
You won't hear any changes yet.]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b \cf0 Note - 
\b0  these are 
\b post-fader FX sends
\b0 , meaning that the 
\b channel level
\b0  slider affects the level of the signal sent to the FX send bus as well as the 
\b FX send 
\b0 slider. If the channel level is 0, or if the channel is muted, then no signal will be sent to the FX send bus even if the FX send slider is turned up high.\

\b \
4.1 Creating a channel for an  FX send bus\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 In the top right section of the window, you will see the 
\b Add new channel(s) 
\b0 button. \
To the left of this is a 
\b popup
\b0  box to select the channel source. This should be displaying the text "Select channel source ...".\
The required 
\b FX send bus
\b0  should be selected from this popup. Leave 
\b copies X 1
\b0  as it is and press the button 
\b Add new channel(s)
\b0 .\
Once the new channel has been created, insert modules and a destination can then be set.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Select 
\b FX send 1
\b0  in the 
\b Select channel source...
\b0  popup box before pressing the 
\b Add new channel(s)
\b0  button.\
Select 
\b ReverbG
\b0  in the popup box for 
\b Insert 1 
\b0 in the new
\b  Channel 3
\b0 .\
Select 
\b Main Outs
\b0  as the 
\b destination
\b0 .\
You should now hear the 
\b ReverbG
\b0  added to the audio signal.\
On the 
\b ReverbG [1]
\b0  settings, try changing the 
\b Room size
\b0  or 
\b Reverb
\b0  
\b time
\b0 . \
Select one of the reverb 
\b Presets
\b0  that is marked "
\b as send effect
\b0 ".\
Adjust the ReverbG volume using channel 3's 
\b Level
\b0  slider.]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 5.0 Connecting a module to more than one destination\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 You can use the  
\b Add new channel(s)
\b0  button, and popup box to the left of it, to select any module that you have already created and make a new channel for it.\
The popup box also shows all the busses which are built into the system, such as Aux and FX Send busses. These can be used as a source for a new channel. \
This can be very useful, for example to enable an LFO to modulate more than one destination.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  Select the 
\b LFO [1]
\b0  module in the popup box before pressing the 
\b Add new channel(s) 
\b0 button.\
You will see a new 
\b channel 4
\b0  created with the 
\b LFO [1]
\b0  module as the 
\b source
\b0 .\
Select 
\b Flanger [1]
\b0  as the 
\b destination
\b0  and 
\b LFO rate
\b0  as the 
\b dest. bus
\b0 .\
Gradually bring up the 
\b Level
\b0  of the new channel 4 and you will hear the LFO affecting the speed of  
\b Flanger [1]
\b0  .\
Click on the 
\b LFO [1]
\b0  button to display the LFO settings. Try changing the 
\b Frequency
\b0  or 
\b Waveform
\b0  of the LFO to hear how they affect the sound.]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Note
\i0  - you can also use the 
\b Dup
\b0  button at the top of each channel. This will duplicate the channel, creating a new channel next the current channel and with the same source module.
\i \cf3 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b \cf0 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b0 \cf3 [
\b Example
\b0 :  To see a prebuilt version of the example, use the 
\b Open File
\b0  button on the top left of the main window to open the 
\b TX Mod Examples
\b0  folder and open the file:  
\b BuildingASystem
\b0  .]
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Next help file: \ul [TX_4 General Notes]\ulnone  
\i \cf4 <-click on underlined text\
\

\i0 \cf0 Previous help file:  [\ul TX_2 Audio Setup\ulnone ] 
\i \cf4 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \
\ulnone \
Main help file: \ul [TX_0 TX Modular Help]\ulnone  
\i \cf4 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \
\ulnone \
}