{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue128;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 // Copyright (C) 2009  Paul Miller. This file is part of TX Modular system distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (see file LICENSE).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \
Using Samples and Loops\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
In order to use samples or loops, you need to add them into a 
\b Sample Bank
\b0  or 
\b Loop Bank
\b0 . \
To open the relevent window
\b  
\b0 use 
\b Sample Banks
\b0  and 
\b Loop Banks
\b0  buttons near the top of the window.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Sample Banks
\b0  \
There are 
\b 99 banks
\b0  available. You can give a 
\b name
\b0  to the banks you use.\
Each bank holds stereo and mono samples for use by modules such as 
\b Sample Player
\b0 , 
\b Sample Player+
\b0 , 
\b Granulator, 
\b0 and
\b  Convolution.
\b0 \
Use the 
\b Add Samples
\b0  button to select aiff or wave files on your hard drive and add them to your Sample Bank.\
With other buttons, you can also 
\b save
\b0  your whole sample bank to disk, for use by other systems,  
\b load
\b0  whole banks from disk into your current system, 
\b play
\b0  samples, 
\b remove 
\b0 individual
\b  
\b0 samples from the bank or 
\b empty
\b0  the entire bank.\
You can 
\b select
\b0  samples within the bank and see their length (in milliseconds) and the number of channels. \
You can also tell the system the 
\b frequency
\b0  (i.e. pitch in cycles per second) of specific samples in the bank if you know them. This enables the samples to  automatically play in tune when you use them in sample players. \
To set the 
\b frequency
\b0 , type a number into the box next to the 
\b Set Frequency To
\b0  button before pressing it. This will update the value in the frequency box.\
\

\b Loop Banks
\b0 \
There are 
\b 99 banks
\b0  available. You can give a 
\b name
\b0  to the banks you use.\
Each bank holds stereo and mono samples for use by 
\b Loop player
\b0  modules
\b .
\b0 \
It is very similar to the Sample Bank, except that for loops you set the 
\b total number
\b0  
\b of
\b0  
\b beats
\b0  in the loop. Once this is set, the  
\b BPM
\b0  of the loop (based on the loop time and total no. of beats) will be displayed, on the screen so you can check that it is correct. \
N.B. Take care to set the correct number of beats for each loop used so that loop players will play back the loops at the correct bpm.\
\

\b Mono and stereo samples or loops\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 When you select a 
\b mono
\b0  
\b sample player
\b0  or 
\b loop player
\b0 , it will only allow you to select 
\b mono
\b0  samples or loops from the bank. \
However, the 
\b stereo
\b0  sample and loop players will allow you to select 
\b mono 
\i and
\i0  stereo 
\b0 samples or loops.  \
You can tell whether a sample or loop is mono or stereo by selecting it in the sample or loop bank and checking the 
\b number of channels
\b0  displayed.\
\
Main help file: \ul [TX_0 TX Modular Help]\ulnone  
\i \cf2 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
}