{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Env DADSR
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Control Source (triggered)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module creates DADSR (Delay Attack Decay Sustain Release) envelopes as control signals. \
They can be triggered in various ways such as by MIDI notes, by other modules (such as 
\b Step Sequencer
\b0 ,  
\b Audio Trigger
\b0 ) or by action buttons on an interface screen. \
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Envelope button:
\b0 \

\b Env presets
\b0  - presets for various standard envelope shapes. \

\b Envelope display box
\b0  - this shows each stage of the envelope by level (up-down) and time (left-right). For a more detailed display of the envelope, use the plot button (see below).\

\b Pre-Delay
\b0  - the delay time before the envelope begins.\

\b Attack
\b0  - the attack time of the envelope\

\b Decay
\b0  - the decay time of the envelope\

\b Sustain level
\b0  - the level which the sustain part of the envelope is at. \

\b Sustain time
\b0  - this is only relevant if the Envelope type is fixed length. \

\b Release
\b0  - the release time of the envelope\

\b Curve
\b0  - this sets the shape of the curve for all parts of the envelope. Use the plot button to see the effect of the curve setting.\

\b Env. Type
\b0  - this can be sustain or fixed length.  A sustain envelope will remain at the sustain level until the end of the trigger or midi note.  A fixed length envelope will remain at the sustain level according to the Sustain time slider.\

\b Plot
\b0  - this will plot an envelope  in a new window, based on the current envelope settings. \

\b Scale level to velocity
\b0  - if this is set on, then the maximum level of the envelope will depend on the velocity of the trigger or midi note; if this is set off,  the maximum level will always be100%.\
\

\b MIDI/ Trigger button:
\b0 \

\b Midi Listen
\b0  - this allows the module to be triggered by a midi note. \

\b Midi Chan.
\b0  - set the midi channels the module will listen to. \

\b Note range
\b0  - which notes will trigger the module.\

\b Vel range
\b0  - which velocities will trigger the module.\

\b Polyphony
\b0  - maximum number of simultaneous envelopes.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 Trigger Envelope button
\b0  - this will trigger an envelope for 1 second whenever it is pressed.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 \
Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Pre-Delay
\b0   \

\b Attack
\b0   \

\b Decay
\b0 \

\b Sustain level
\b0 \

\b Sustain time
\b0 \

\b Release
\b0   \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
}