{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue128;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Granulator
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Audio Source  (stereo output, triggered)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module takes a mono sample from the sample bank and plays small "grains" from it which are panned in stereo. \
It can be triggered in various ways such as by MIDI notes, other modules (e.g.  
\b Step Sequencer
\b0 , 
\b Audio Trigger
\b0 ) or action buttons on an interface screen.  \
\

\i\b Controls:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf0 \

\b Sample button\
Mono sample
\b0  - select from all the mono samples in the system's sample bank.  \

\b Reverse play
\b0  - if on, the playback of the grains will be reversed. \

\b Add samples to bank
\b0  - to add any audio samples stored on the hard disk. \

\b Show/Hide
\b0  - buttons for the display of the sample waveform. When the waveform is displayed, you can zoom in and out using the zoom buttons. You can also select which part of the waveform is used for granulation by using the select all/ select none buttons.\

\b Play range
\b0  - which part of the sample will be used for grains.\

\b Play position
\b0  - the current position in the sample that grains are taken from\

\b Vary position
\b0  - this adds a random variation to the play position. If set to zero, all grains will be taken from the same play position. \

\b Grain time ms
\b0  - how long each grain is. Shorter times sound more fragmented. \

\b Grain density
\b0  - the number of overlapping grains. Values below one will have gaps between grains.\

\b Vary pitch
\b0  - this adds a random variation to the pitch of each grain. If set to zero, all grains will be at the same pitch.  \

\b Vary timing
\b0  -  this adds a random variation to the start time of each grain. If set to zero, all grains will be at equally spaced times.   \

\b Pan range
\b0  - each pitch will be placed randomly across the pan range. Select presets using the black triangle at the end of the row.\

\b Level
\b0  - the output level of the granulator. \
\

\b MIDI/ Note button\

\b0 See help file [\ul TX_\ulc0 MIDI Note Button\ulnone ] for details.\
Note: unlike most other audio synth or sample modules, 
\b keyboard tracking
\b0  is turned off by default in the Granulator module. Of course, you can turn it on if required.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Envelope button\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 See help file [\ul TX_Env DADSR\ulnone ]
\i \cf2  
\i0 \cf0 for details.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Sample start
\b0  - start of play range\

\b Sample end
\b0  - end of play range\

\b Play position
\b0 \

\b Vary position
\b0 \

\b Grain time ms
\b0 \

\b Grain density\
Grain pan L
\b0 \

\b Grain pan R
\b0 \

\b Reverse play
\b0   \

\b Pre-Delay
\b0   \

\b Attack
\b0   \

\b Decay
\b0 \

\b Sustain level
\b0 \

\b Sustain time
\b0 \

\b Release
\b0   \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
}