{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Live Looper
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Audio Insert (mono input, mono output)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module records the audio input signal into a loop recorder. \
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Record
\b0  - when this checkbox is switched on, the audio input signal is recorded into the loop. \

\b Freeze Loop
\b0  - this button does a few things at once to freeze the current loop: it turns record off,  sets the input level to 0, and sets the feedback to 1.\

\b Clear Loop
\b0  - this button clears (silences) the current loop. \

\b Tap tempo button
\b0  - this displays measures the tempo when it is clicked with a mouse on each beat. Use the Command button to drag the BPM to the Loop time BPM.
\b \
LoopTime
\b0  - sets the loop time in milliseconds or in beats per minute. For example, 1000 milliseconds (i.e. 1 second) is equal to 60 bpm.\

\b time x 2
\b0  , 
\b time x 3
\b0  , 
\b time / 2
\b0  , 
\b time / 3
\b0   - buttons to change the loop time. \

\b Input Level
\b0  - set how much of the input audio signal is recorded into the loop.\

\b Feedback
\b0  - how much of the audio signal already in the loop will be added as the loop continues to record. If feedback is 1 (i.e. 100 %), the loop will never die away. Lower feedback will make it die away more quickly. \

\b Speed factor
\b0  - this sets the playback and record speed of the loop. It should always be set to 1(i.e. normal speed) if the live looper is recording or the signal will deteriorate. \

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0  - this sets the mix of the original signal with the affected signal.  For send effects this will usually be set to 1 - i.e. 100% affected signal.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Loop Time\
Record\
Input Level\
Feedback\
Speed Factor\
Dry-Wet Mix\
}