{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 MultiTap Delay
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Audio Insert (mono input, stereo output)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module puts a mono audio signal through eight delay taps which have separate delay time ratio, level and pan controls.\
This module outputs a stereo audio signal.\
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
Taps button\
Maximum time 
\b0 - this allocates more computer memory if you need longer delay times. Up to 5 minutes delay time can be set. 
\b \
Tap tempo button
\b0  - this displays measures the tempo when it is clicked with a mouse on each beat. Use the Command (Apple) key  with a mouse drag to copy the BPM to the Delay time BPM.
\b \
Delay time
\b0  - sets the largest delay time for all the delay taps. This is shown in milliseconds as well as beats per minute (bpm).\

\b time x 2
\b0  , 
\b time x 3
\b0  , 
\b time / 2
\b0  , 
\b time / 3
\b0   - buttons to change the delay time. \

\b Ratio Presets
\b0  - various presets for all taps. \

\b Ratio 1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8
\b0  - sets the delay time ratio for each tap. The ratio can be set as a fraction (e.g. 1/2 or 5/8) or a number between 0 and 1.\

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0  - this sets the mix of the original signal with the affected signal.  For send effects this will usually be set to 1 - i.e. 100% affected signal.\

\b Clear delay
\b0  - this button clears the delay, so any sounds in the delay buffer are silenced. \

\b \
Levels button\
Level Presets
\b0  - various presets for all taps. \

\b Level 1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8
\b0  - sets the level of each tap. \

\b \
Pans button\
Pan Presets
\b0  - various presets for all taps. \

\b Pan 1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8
\b0  - sets the pan of each tap 
\i\b Note: 
\i0\b0 Left is 0, Right is 1.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Delay time
\b0   \

\b Tap 1
\b0  
\b Level 
\b0  \

\b Tap 2
\b0  
\b Level 
\b0  \

\b Tap 3
\b0  
\b Level 
\b0  \

\b Tap 4
\b0  
\b Level 
\b0  \

\b Tap 5
\b0  
\b Level 
\b0  \

\b Tap 6
\b0  
\b Level 
\b0  \

\b Tap 7
\b0  
\b Level 
\b0  \

\b Tap 8
\b0  
\b Level 
\b0  \

\b Tap 1
\b0  
\b Pan 
\b0  \

\b Tap 2
\b0  
\b Pan 
\b0  \

\b Tap 3
\b0  
\b Pan 
\b0  \

\b Tap 4
\b0  
\b Pan 
\b0  \

\b Tap 5
\b0  
\b Pan 
\b0  \

\b Tap 6
\b0  
\b Pan 
\b0  \

\b Tap 7
\b0  
\b Pan 
\b0  \

\b Tap 8
\b0  
\b Pan 
\b0  \

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0   \

\b \
}