{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 ReverbG
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Audio Insert (mono input, mono output)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module adds reverb to a stereo audio signal (based on GReverb LADSPA effect by Juhana Sadeharju). \
\

\i\b Controls:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 Presets 
\b0 - use this popup to load a preset. There are 2 versions of each preset, as a send effect or as an insert effect. The difference is that the send effect presets do not include any of the dry signal, only the early reflections and reverb tail.\

\b Room size
\b0  - sets the size of the modelled room \

\b Reverb time
\b0  - sets the reverb decay time. \

\b Input damp
\b0  - the amount of high frequency damping on the input signal. Set higher for a brighter sound.  \

\b Reverb damp
\b0  - the amount of high frequency damping on the reverb signal. Set higher for a brighter sound.  \

\b Input level
\b0  - level of input signal mixed with the early reflections and reverb tail. For send effects this will usually be set to 0.\

\b Early refl's
\b0  - level of early reflections\

\b Reverb tail
\b0  - level of reverb tail\

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0  - this sets the mix of the original signal with the affected signal.  For send effects this will usually be set to 1 - i.e. 100% affected signal.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Reverb time\
Input Damping
\b0  \

\b Reverb Damping
\b0  \

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0 \
}