{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Waveform
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Audio Source (mono output)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module outputs a synthesised waveform as a mono audio signal. \
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
Waveform button\
Waveform/Modify 1/ Modify 2
\b0  - 
\fs24  see help file 
\fs30 [\ul TX_Waveform Synthesis\ulnone ]\

\b Level
\b0  - sets the output level \

\b \
Frequency button\
Freq
\b0  - sets the pitch or frequency of the waveform \

\b notes
\b0  - this popup allows you to select a midi note name (e.g. D3) to set the frequency.\

\b OFF/ON Use note list instead of variable frequency 
\b0 - if set on, this uses a specific note list which the waveform's frequency is chosen from. The controls below allow you to specify the which notes will be in the note list.
\b \
Scale type 
\b0 - sets the interval, scale, mode or chord used for the note list.
\b \
Key / root 
\b0 - sets the key or root of the above scale.
\b \
Note range 
\b0 - sets the min and max of notes in the note list using midi note numbers.
\b \
Note list 
\b0 - shows the total number of notes in the current note list.
\b \
Note select 
\b0 - this slider selects one of the notes in the current note list. The lowest note is with the slider set to 0, with the highest at 1, and all others in between.The more notes there are in the note list, the more closely they will be packed along the length of the slider. This can be modulated, for example with an lfo or midi controller.
\b \

\b0 \

\b Freq Smoothing button\

\b0 This allows you to add smoothing to the frequency parameter.\
S
\fs24 ee help file 
\fs30 \ul \ulc0 [TX_Smooth]
\b \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Modify 1\
Modify 2
\b0   \

\b Frequency
\b0   \

\b Note select\
Smooth time 1\
Smooth time 2\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
}