{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue128;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 // Copyright (C) 2009  Paul Miller. This file is part of TX Modular system distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (see file LICENSE).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
TX Processing Files
\b0  - for use with TX modules 
\b CyclOSC Colour
\b0  & 
\b CyclOSC Grey\
\
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 These Processing files have been tested with 
\b Processing
\b0  version 
\b 1.0.5
\b0 .\
In order to run them you will need:\
- a recent version of 
\b Processing
\b0  (go to \ul http://www.processing.org/download/\ulnone )\
- the 
\b oscP5
\b0  library for Processing (go to \ul http://www.sojamo.de/libraries/oscP5/\ulnone )\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Before starting Processing, put the 
\b oscP5
\b0  folder into the 
\b libraries
\b0  folder of Processing. Then open and run one of the enclosed files depending on whether you will be using 
\b CyclOSC Colour
\b0  or 
\b CyclOSC Grey
\b0 .\
\
The TX Processing
\b  
\b0 file names show their 
\b resolution
\b0  (8/16/ 32 rows and columns) and 
\b colour
\b0  
\b type
\b0  (grey or colour).  \
e.g. File "
\b TXcyclOSC8Col.pde
\b0 " is for a colour grid of 8 rows and columns.
\b \

\b0 \
If the name ends in 
\b NS
\b0 , it means that 
\b no screen
\b0  is shown in processing - this is to save CPU load. \
e.g. File "
\b TXcyclOSC8ColNS.pde
\b0 " is for a colour grid of 8 rows and columns with no screen shown.
\b \

\b0 \
The reason to have 2 versions of each file is to allow you to open the ordinary version of the file first to make sure that Processing can get an image from the camera. Once you know this is working, then you can open the NS version of the file instead. This will save CPU load.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 See these help files for further details:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf0 [\ul TX_CyclOSC Colour\ulnone ]   
\i \cf2 <<< click on text to open help file
\i0 \cf0 \
[\ul TX_CyclOSC Grey\ulnone ]   \
\
}