{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Animate Code\
\
Module type:  Action\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module allows you to use SuperCollider 3 computer code within the TX Modular system, to generate an animation which is displayed in a separate window.\
20 modulatable sliders can be used to control the animation.\
This module can be used with other modules to create interactive and/or automated audio-visual systems. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Controls
\b0 :\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Controls are on 6 screens accessed by pressing the following buttons: \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Window Button\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Show Window
\b0  - this button brings the animation window to the front and reopens it if it is closed.
\b \
Close Window
\b0  - this button closes the animation window.
\b \
Window width /Wind. height 
\b0 - To specify the size of the display window.
\b \
Wind. Pos X/ Wind. Pos Y 
\b0 - To specify the screen position where the window should be displayed. \
The 
\b X
\b0  and 
\b Y
\b0  refer to the distance in pixels of the bottom left corner of the window from the bottom left corner of the computer screen.  \

\b Sample Current Position
\b0  - this allows you to move the window to where you want it and then press this button to set 
\b Wind. Pos X/ Wind. Pos Y 
\b0 to the current position. 
\b \
Default Screen Position
\b0  - this sets 
\b Wind. Pos X/ Wind. Pos Y 
\b0 to near the bottom left corner of the screen.
\b \
Border X/ Border Y 
\b0 - To set the width of the black border around the edge of the window., or click on the 
\b Presets [v]
\b0  popup to use a preset border size.\
The 
\b X
\b0  and 
\b Y
\b0  refer to the distance in pixels of the left /right and top/bottom borders.  \

\b Max FPS - 
\b0 sets the maximum rendering rate (Frames Per Second). If set to 0, it will render as fast as possible. Low FPS values (e.g. 5) will make the playback seem jerky.\

\b Window controls
\b0  - turn this off for a borderless window. However, if you want to be able to drag the window around or resize it, then turn the window controls on.
\b \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Code Button\

\b0 Enter Supercollider 3 code in the window. The code needs to be a function which uses Pen to draw to the screen. The function will be passed the arguments: animationView - the view itself, frameCount, & arrPassVals - array of 20 modulatable sliders.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Use the 
\b Evaulate text
\b0  button to evaulate the code.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Controls
\b0  
\b 1-5/ Controls 6-10/ Controls
\b0  
\b 11-15/ Controls 16-20 Buttons\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 - The values of each of the 20 sliders are passed to the animation code so that the animation can be controlled live. 
\b \
Name 
\b0 - each slider can be named to help remember its effect. 
\b \
Value/Min/Max
\b0  - these allow you to restrict the range of values of each slider.
\b \

\b0 The Min/Max controls set the minimum and maximum numbers allowed. Value can be modulated.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Value 1-20
\b0 \
}