{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Compander\
\
Module type:  Audio Insert (mono input, mono output)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module responds to the amplitude (volume level) of a mono audio signal coming into it. \
It can function as a 
\b compressor
\b0  or 
\b expander/gate
\b0 .\
A 
\b compressor
\b0  reduces the level of the louder parts of signal. It has the effect of evening out the volume.\
An 
\b expander/gate 
\b0 reduces the level of the quieter parts of signal. It can be used to remove the low level noise in a signal.\
To make it act as an 
\b expander
\b0  or noise gate, increase the 
\b expander ratio
\b0  to greater than 1 and it will reduce the amplitude if it below the 
\b threshold
\b0 .\
To make it act as a 
\b compressor
\b0 , increase the 
\b compressor ratio
\b0  to greater than 1 and it will reduce the amplitude if it above the 
\b threshold
\b0 . Then increase the 
\b Out gain
\b0  to bring the level up to what you want.\
There is the option to use a side-chain audio input to control the compander, instead of the main input signal. If the side-chain is used, then on another audio channel, the destination can be set to the Compander module's Side-chain bus (see Audio Input Busses below).\
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Side-chain
\b0  - sets whether the main input signal or the side-chain signal will be used to control the compander.
\b \
Threshold
\b0  - adjust to get required effect. \

\b Presets
\b0  - when using presets, make sure to adjust the threshold and set the out gain as needed.\

\b Expand ratio
\b0  - expander ratio. \

\b Comp. ratio
\b0  - compression ratio. \

\b Clamp time
\b0  - how quickly the module responds to amplitude changes past the threshold. \

\b Relax time
\b0  - how quickly it releases after responding.  \

\b Out gain
\b0  - set the output level of the module. \

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0  - this sets the mix of the original signal with the affected signal.  For send effects this will usually be set to 1 - i.e. 100% affected signal.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Audio Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Side-chain
\b0  - mono audio signal which can be used to control the compander (see 
\b Side-chain
\b0  above). \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Threshold
\b0   \

\b Out gain
\b0   \

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0   \
}