{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Env 16 stage
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Control Source (triggered)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module creates 16-stage envelopes as control signals. \
They can be triggered in various ways such as by MIDI notes, by other modules (such as 
\b Step Sequencer
\b0 ,  
\b Audio Trigger
\b0 ) or by action buttons on an interface screen. \
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 No. Stages
\b0  - the total number of stages in the envelope (3-16) \

\b Trigger Envelope
\b0  - this will trigger an envelope or 1 second whenever it is pressed.
\b \
Loop stage
\b0  - which stage the loop stages - this is only relevant when the envelope type is "Sustain Looped".\

\b Release stage
\b0  - which stage the release part of the envelope begins from -  this is only relevant when the envelope type is "Sustain Looped" or "Sustain Unlooped".\

\b Curve
\b0  - this sets the shape of the curve for all parts of the envelope. Use the plot button to see the effect of the curve setting.\

\b Env. Type
\b0  - this can be "sustain looped", "sustain unlooped" or "fixed length".  A "sustain looped" envelope will keep looping from the release stage to the loop stage until the end of the trigger or midi note.  A "sustain unlooped" envelope will remain at the release stage level until the end of the trigger or midi note.  A "fixed length" envelope will play through all its stages according to the stage times.\

\b Plot
\b0  - this will plot an envelope  in a new window, based on the current envelope settings. \

\b Envelope display box
\b0  - this shows each stage of the envelope by level (up-down) and time (left-right). The stages can be moved by dragging them with a mouse. For a more detailed display of the envelope, use the plot button.\

\b Stages/Levels/Times
\b0  - settings for each stage.\

\b Total Time
\b0  - for the whole envelope. \

\b Midi Listen
\b0  - this allows the module to be triggered by a midi note. \

\b Midi Chan.
\b0  - set the midi channels the module will listen to. \

\b Note range
\b0  - which notes will trigger the module.\

\b Vel range
\b0  - which velocities will trigger the module.\

\b Scale level to velocity
\b0  - if this is set on, then the maximum level of the envelope will depend on the velocity of the trigger or midi note; if this is set off,  the maximum level will always be100%.\

\b Polyphony
\b0  - maximum number of simultaneous envelopes.\
}