{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Env Curve
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Control Source (triggered)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module creates user-defined envelopes as control signals. The curve can be edited with a mouse.\
They can be triggered in various ways such as by MIDI notes, by other modules (such as 
\b Step Sequencer
\b0 ,  
\b Audio Trigger
\b0 ) or by action buttons on an interface screen. \
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Env Curve
\b0  - this sets the shape of the curve.  The curve can be edited with a mouse.\

\b Invert
\b0  - turns the curve upside down. \

\b Reverse
\b0  - reverses the curve from right to left. \

\b Smooth
\b0  - evens out spikes or sudden changes in the curve. Useful when curve is drawn by the mouse.\

\b Reset
\b0  - resets the curve to a linear curve.\

\b Load 1/2/3/4/5
\b0  - to load curves stored in 5 slots.\

\b Store 1/2/3/4/5
\b0  - to store curves in 5 slots.\

\b Env Time
\b0  - time taken for the whole envelope. \

\b Trigger Envelope
\b0  - this will trigger an envelope whenever it is pressed.\

\b Grid rows
\b0  - no of rows (1-99) separated by white lines in the grid behind the curve.
\b \
Grid cols
\b0  - no of columns (1-99) separated by white lines in the grid behind the curve.
\b \
Midi Listen
\b0  - this allows the module to be triggered by a midi note. \

\b Midi Chan.
\b0  - set the midi channels the module will listen to. \

\b Note range
\b0  - which notes will trigger the module.\

\b Vel range
\b0  - which velocities will trigger the module.\

\b Scale level to velocity
\b0  - if this is set on, then the maximum level of the envelope will depend on the velocity of the trigger or midi note; if this is set off,  the maximum level will always be100%.\

\b Polyphony
\b0  - maximum number of simultaneous envelopes.\
}