{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 File Recorder St
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Audio Insert (stereo input, silent stereo output)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module records stereo audio signals and writes them to aiff or wave files on the hard disk. \
The stereo outputs are silent so the module can be connected to any output bus.\
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Record format
\b0  - for the recorded file. \

\b Record Time
\b0  - how long to record for displayed in seconds or beats at a particular tempo/BPM. If the recording time is set to 0, the recording will continue until the Stop rec button is pressed or the module is told to stop recording. \

\b Left rec level
\b0  - can be used to fade in or out during recording. \

\b Right rec level
\b0  - can be used to fade in or out during recording. \

\b Select file
\b0  - button to name the file to be recorded to.\

\b Start rec
\b0  - button to start the recording.\

\b Stop rec
\b0  - button to stop the recording.\

\b Sync Start
\b0  - if this is turned on, the recording can be started by pressing the Sync Start button. This is useful if you want the recording to begin at the same time as sequencers are started.\

\b Sync Stop
\b0  - if this is turned on, the recording can be stopped by pressing the Sync Stop button. This is useful if you want the recording to end at the same time as sequencers are stopped.\

\b Record status
\b0  - gives information about the recording process. \

\b Record clock
\b0  - how many seconds have been recorded so far. \

\b Current file
\b0  - the name of the file currently set for recording. \

\b Previous file
\b0  - the name of the previous file recorded. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Left rec level
\b0   \

\b Right rec level\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf0 \
}