{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Filter St.
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Audio Insert (stereo input, stereo output)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
A filter cuts or boosts certain frequencies in an audio signal.\
This module filters stereo audio signals. \
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Filter
\b0  - type of filter. The name will indicate whether the 
\b Resonance
\b0  and 
\b Saturation
\b0  controls are used - they are only used by some filters.\

\b Frequency
\b0  - the centre or cut-off frequency of the filter. \

\b Smoothing
\b0  - for smoothing out changes to the filter frequecy, this sets what type of smoothing to use - linear or 3 types of exponential smoothing which get progressively smoother.\

\b Smooth Time 
\b0 - sets how long it takes (in seconds) for the frequency to reach a new value. \

\b Resonance
\b0  - only certain filter types have resonance controls (see filter names).  Resonance is how focussed the filter is around the centre frequency.\

\b Saturation
\b0  - only certain filter types have saturation controls (see filter names).  Saturation boosts the filter signal and can introduce mild distortion.\

\b Level control
\b0  - the following options provide tools for controlling level after filtering, since filtering a signal can affect its level, : 
\i\b None
\b0  - level unchanged / 
\b Balance
\b0  - match level to dry signal level / 
\b Limiter
\b0  - keep the signal level below 0db / 
\b Normalize
\b0  - force the signal level to just below 0db / 
\b Tanh Clipping
\b0  - uses hyperbolic tangent of signal to clip it (this adds some distortion)
\i0 \

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0  - this sets the mix of the original signal with the affected signal.  For send effects this will usually be set to 1 - i.e. 100% affected signal.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Frequency
\b0   \

\b Smooth Time\
Resonance
\b0  \

\b Saturation
\b0 \

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0   \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
}