{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Loop Player
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Audio Source (mono output, triggered)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module takes a mono loop from the loop bank and plays it back . \
It can be triggered in various ways such as by MIDI notes, other modules (e.g.  
\b Step Sequencer
\b0 , 
\b Action Sequencer
\b0 , 
\b Audio Trigger
\b0 ) or action buttons on an interface screen.  \
\

\i\b Controls:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf0 \

\b Loop button\
Mono loop
\b0  - select from all the mono loops in the system's loop bank. Stereo loops from the loop bank won't be shown.\

\b Loopbank Settings
\b0  - the settings for 
\b original bpm
\b0  and 
\b total beats
\b0  of the loop are displayed, taken from the settings in the loopbank. These can be edited in the loopbank screen.\

\b Add loops to loop bank
\b0  - to add any audio loops stored on the hard disk. \

\b Show/Hide
\b0  - buttons for the display of the loop waveform. When the waveform is displayed, you can zoom in and out using the zoom buttons. You can also select which part of the waveform is played by using the select all/ select none buttons.\

\b Start/End
\b0  - the start and end of the loop section that will be played. These are shown as fractions (e.g. 7/8), as well as numbers between 0 and 1. \
Fractions can be useful for selecting particular sections of rhythmic loops - such as 2/12 to 8/12.\

\b Loop type
\b0  - there are two options:\
	
\i\b looped
\i0  
\b0 - play looped from start point to end point - this is the default setting.\
	
\i\b single shot
\i0\b0  - play once from start point to end point\

\b Reverse
\b0  - if on, loop playback will be reversed. \

\b Level
\b0  - the output level of the loop player. \

\b Play BPM
\b0  - The BPM that the loop will be played back at.  The pitch of the loop will go up or down compared to the original loop, depending the how different the play bpm is from the original bpm. If the play bpm is lower, the pitch will also be lower.\

\b Speed factor
\b0  - A quick way to change the playback speed. \
Higher numbers will increase the speed, lower numbers will decrease the speed.\
A setting of 0 will be normal speed,  A setting of 1 will be double the speed,  A setting of -1 will be half the speed, \
\

\b MIDI/ Test button\
Midi Listen
\b0  - this allows the module to be triggered by a midi note. \

\b Midi Chan.
\b0  - set the midi channels the module will listen to. \

\b Note range
\b0  - which notes will trigger the module.\

\b Vel range
\b0  - which velocities will trigger the module.\

\b Test Loop Settings:
\b0  - these set the velocity and play time  of the test loop that is played when the 
\b Play test loop 
\b0 button
\b  
\b0 is pressed.\
\

\b Play test loop button\

\b0 This starts the loop playing. \
The velocity and time of the loop that is triggered are set using the 
\b MIDI/ Test button.\

\b0 \

\b Stop test loop button\

\b0 Stops the test loop playing.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Loop Start
\b0  \

\b Loop End\
Loop Reverse \
}