{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 LFO Curve
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Control Source\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
Low Frequency Oscillator with an editable waveform curve - using a mouse. This module can be used for modulating parameters of other modules. \
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Frequency
\b0  - the rate of change of the waveform\

\b LFO Curve
\b0  - the curve used for the waveform. You can edit the curve with a mouse.\

\b Invert
\b0  - turns the curve upside down. \

\b Reverse
\b0  - reverses the curve from right to left. \

\b Smooth
\b0  - evens out spikes or sudden changes in the curve . Useful when the curve is drawn by the mouse or when noise has been mixed in, since it reduces the harshness of the distortion. \

\b Reset
\b0  - resets the curve to a linear curve.\

\b Load 1/2/3/4/5
\b0  - to load curves stored in 5 slots.\

\b Store 1/2/3/4/5
\b0  - to store curves in 5 slots.\

\b Rebuild curve by mirroring
\b0  - this button can be useful for creating symmetrical curves. The curve is mirrored at the right hand edge.
\b \
Rebuild curve by mirroring & inverting
\b0  - for this button, the curve is mirrored at the right hand edge, inverted and finally the whole curve is normalised.
\b \
Grid rows
\b0  - no of rows (1-99) separated by white lines in the grid behind the curve.
\b \
Grid cols
\b0  - no of columns (1-99) separated by white lines in the grid behind the curve.
\b \
Output range
\b0  - preset output ranges including negative values\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Frequency
\b0   \
}