{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue128;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 OSC Control Out \

\b0 \

\b Module type:  Action\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This
\b  
\b0 module sends an OSC message to up to 10 different network addresses. The OSC messages  have 2 arguments, the OSC string and the control value. The control value can be modulated.\
This allows communication across a network to other TX Modular systems running on other computers, or to any software (such as Processing & Max/MSP) that can respond to OSC messages (see help file: \ul \ulc0 [TX_OSC_Info]\ulnone  
\i ).
\i0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
Messsage\
OSC String
\b0  - this OSC string will be sent out.\

\b Latency
\b0  - the time delay before the message will be sent.
\b \
Data rate
\b0  - the maximum rate of sending OSC messages. The default is 20, but make this 40 or 80 if you are using quickly changing modulation (such as an LFO with a frequency higher than 5 hz).\

\b Value
\b0  - sets the value to be sent. This value can also be modulated. Use 
\b Min-Max
\b0  to set the range of values that can be sent.\

\b Output type
\b0  - sets whether Float or Integer values are sent in OSC messages. Note: Integers are created by rounding Float values.\

\b Active
\b0  - if switched on, OSC messages will be sent out. \
\

\b Addresses 1-4 / 5-8 / 9-10\
Address
\b0  - the 
\b network address
\b0  (
\b IP Address
\b0 ) of the computer being sent to. (to confirm this, search onlline for "What is my ip address". To check the IP address on an airport network, go to: System Preferences - Network - Airport - Advanced - TCP/IP - IPv4 Address.  ).\

\b Port
\b0  - the port to be sent to. To send OSC messages to another 
\b TX Modular system
\b0  running on the network, you usually set the port to 
\b 57120
\b0 .  The 
\b default
\b0  button will set the port to 
\b 57120
\b0 . (NB: to see which Airport IP address and Port the TX Modular System is currently using, go to the 
\b Notes & Options
\b0  screen, see button near the top of the screen.).\

\b Activate
\b0  - this will activate the address so messages will be sent there.\

\b Notes
\b0  - a space to put notes - for example the name of the person at the address. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 What is OSC?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf0 See help file: \ul [TX_OSC_Info]\ulnone  
\i \cf2 <-click on underlined text
\i0 \cf0 \ul \
\
}