{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Pitch Follower
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Control Source\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module follows the pitch of a mono audio signal coming into it. \
Once an pitch follower has been created, it will appear in the list of possible destinations for audio channels. This allows you to send an audio signal to it.\
It outputs a control signal at the same level as the audio coming in.\
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Pitch detector
\b0  - this gives 2 options, slower & more accurate, or faster and less accurate. Both can be tried to see which works best.
\b \
Freq min-max 
\b0  - set the minimum and maximum frequencies that will be followed. There are presets for various musical instruments.
\b \
Follow time
\b0  - time taken in milliseconds to follow the amplitude. Longer times will tend to smooth the output signal.\

\b Cailbrate On
\b0  - This button turns on the calibration process which automatically detects and set the minimum and maximum frequency values. \

\b Cailbrate Off
\b0  - This button turns of the calibration process. \

\b Detect min & max
\b0  
\b [on/off]
\b0  - to display the minimum and maximum values found in the current audio being analysed. (Note this uses more CPU power when detection is on, so only use when needed.)\

\b Copy detected values to min/max
\b0  - this copies the values found into the analysis controls above it.\

\b Reset
\b0  - resets the detector, so previous min/max values are ignored.\

\b Automatically copy detected values to min/max
\b0  
\b [on/off]
\b0  - automatically copies the values found into the analysis controls above it.
\i\b \

\i0 Detect Current Pitch
\b0  - button to display current pitch.\

\b Reset
\b0  - resets the pitch displays.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
Audio Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Audio in
\b0  - the incoming mono audio signal for amp following.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Follow time
\b0  \
}