{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Pitch Shifter
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Audio Insert (mono input, mono output)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module shifts the pitch of an incoming mono audio signal.\
It does this using a granulation process which can also be used as a creative effect.\
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Grain size
\b0  - sets the size in seconds of the audio grains which are then pitch shifted. Grain size also affects the sound of the pitch shifting, so it's worth trying different sizes.\

\b Pitch ratio
\b0  - a slideable pitch shift. If set to 1 it will have no effect. 
\b Transpose
\b0  also affects the pitch shift.\

\b Transpose
\b0  - this, along with 
\b Pitch ratio
\b0 , affects the pitch shifting but here can be set in semitones and octaves. If semitones and octaves are set to 0 it will have no effect.\

\b Random pitch
\b0  - adds some random pitch shifting to every audio grain. A small amount can sound like chorusing. Larger amounts create more extreme effects. \

\b Random time
\b0  - adds some random variation to the timing of every audio grain. Can be used to add non-uniformity to the grain stream.\

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0  - this sets the mix of the original signal with the affected signal.  For send effects this will usually be set to 1 - i.e. 100% affected signal.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Pitch ratio
\b0   \

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0   \
}