{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Ping Pong St
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Audio Insert (stereo input, stereo output)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module creates a ping-pong delay that bounces from side to side. If the feedback in not zero, the delays will be repeated and gradually die away. The more feedback the longer they take to die away.\
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Initial pan
\b0  - sets the initial balance between the left and right channels. \

\b Tap tempo button
\b0  - this displays measures the tempo when it is clicked with a mouse on each beat. Use the Command button to drag the BPM to the Delay time BPM.
\b \
Delay time
\b0  - this is shown in milliseconds as well as beats per minute (bpm) \

\b time x 2
\b0  , 
\b time x 3
\b0  , 
\b time / 2
\b0  , 
\b time / 3
\b0   - buttons to change the delay time. \

\b Smooth time
\b0  - smoothes changes to the delay time so speed changes are more gradual and less jerky.  \

\b Feedback
\b0  - sets how long delays will be repeated for. \

\b Feedback Type
\b0  - can be positive or negative. If negative, feedback will emphasize odd harmonics at an octave lower\

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0  - this sets the mix of the original signal with the delayed signal.  \

\b Freeze
\b0  - when turned on, this blocks any signal going into the delay, and maximises the feedback so the sound will keep repeating without dying out.\

\b Clear
\b0  - This button clears the delay, so any sounds in the delay buffer are silenced. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Delay time
\b0   \

\b Feedback
\b0  \

\b Freeze
\b0  \

\b Smooth time
\b0   \

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0   \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
}