{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Quartz Player\
\
Module type:  Action\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module creates a new window which can contain any Quartz Composer Composition. \
Quartz Composer is  a very powerful visual engine that comes free with OS X. \
This module can be used with other modules to create interactive and/or automated audio-visual systems. \
Quartz Compositions can have inputs that can be used to control the composition. (They can also have outputs, but these aren't currently used in the TX Modular).\
The Quartz Player module allows you to send values to any of the inputs of a Quartz Composition. For example, to change the colour of an object, to change the folder used to select photos or movies, to change which photo is shown,  to change the speed of a visual effect, to rotate an object or change its position, etc. \
All inputs for a Quartz Composition are displayed. Then you can decide what data to send it.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf0 About Quartz Composer\
\pard\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf0 Quartz Composer is a visual programming environment for processing and rendering graphical data, which is distributed free of charge as part of Apple's XCode Development Tools. QC is highly optimised to work with the OSX graphics system.\
For more information on QC see: \ul http://developer.apple.com/documentation/GraphicsImaging/Conceptual/QuartzComposer/index.html\ulnone \
If you want to create your own Quartz compositions you must install Quartz Composer on your computer by installing XCode. XCode comes on a CD when you buy a Mac.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 See online for Quartz Compositions  to download and modify (for examplel, see:  \ul http://www.quartzcompositions.com/phpBB2/upload/index.php\ulnone ). \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
Controls:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0\b0 \cf0 Controls are on 11 screens accessed by pressing buttons marked 
\b Global
\b0 , 
\b 1
\b0 , 
\b 2
\b0 , 
\b 3
\b0  ...
\b 10
\b0 . \
The first screen is for global settings for the Quartz Composition, the other screens are used for up to 80 input controls. (Note, some screens will be empty if the composition has less then 80 inputs).\

\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Global Controls:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 Open file button
\b0  - This is displayed the first time you open a Quartz Player module. Use this button to select a Quartz Composition file and open it. 
\b \
Show Quartz Window
\b0  - sets whether the Quartz Window is shown or not.
\b \
Quartz File
\b0  - This displays the filename and path of the current Quartz Composition.
\b \
Replace current Quartz File
\b0  - Use this button to select a new Quartz Composition file and open it as it was originally created.
\b \
Replace current Quartz File but
\b0  
\b keep current control settings
\b0  - Use this button to select a new Quartz Composition file and open it keeping the control settings from the previous Quartz file. 
\b \
Window width /Wind. height 
\b0 - To specify the size of the display window.
\b \
Wind. Pos X/ Wind. Pos Y 
\b0 - To specify the screen position where the window should be displayed. \
The 
\b X
\b0  and 
\b Y
\b0  refer to the distance in pixels of the bottom left corner of the window from the bottom left corner of the computer screen.  \

\b Sample Current Position
\b0  - this allows you to move the window to where you want it and then press this button to set 
\b Wind. Pos X/ Wind. Pos Y 
\b0 to the current position. 
\b \
Default Screen Position
\b0  - this sets 
\b Wind. Pos X/ Wind. Pos Y 
\b0 to near the bottom left corner of the screen.
\b \
Border X/ Border Y 
\b0 - To set the width of the black border around the edge of the window. \
The 
\b X
\b0  and 
\b Y
\b0  refer to the distance in pixels of the left /right and top/bottom borders.  \

\b Max FPS - 
\b0 sets the maximum rendering rate (Frames Per Second). If set to 0, it will render as fast as possible. Low FPS values (e.g. 5) will make the playback seem jerky.\

\b Window name
\b0  - this will appear at the top of the window if 
\b Show Window Controls
\b0  is on.
\b \
Show Window Controls
\b0  - turn this off for a borderless window. However, if you want to be able to drag the window around or resize it, then turn the window controls on.
\b \
\
Controls - for inputs: \

\b0 Up to 80 inputs can controlled using buttons 
\b 1
\b0 -
\b 10
\b0  (eight inputs on each page). The 
\b name
\b0  of each input is displayed.\
When a Quartz Composition is first opened, all its settings will be exactly how they were when it was originally created.
\b \

\b0 For each input on the Quartz screen, you need to specify the 
\b Type
\b0  of input. Depending on the type the following controls are shown:\

\b . 
\i Type: Not used
\i0\b0  - No controls are shown. No values will be sent to the input.\

\b . 
\i Type: Number - Float
\i0\b0  - A Float can be any number (including a decimal point), whereas an Integer must be a whole number (nothing allowed after the decimal point). The 
\b Min/Max
\b0  controls set the minimum and maximum numbers allowed. The slider and number box below can then be used to set which number is sent to the input. This value can be modulated.\

\b . 
\i Type: Number - Integer
\i0\b0  - An Integer must be a whole number (nothing allowed after the decimal point). The 
\b Min/Max
\b0  controls set the minimum and maximum numbers allowed. The slider and number box below can then be used to set which number is sent to the input. This value can be modulated.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 [
\i\b N.B. 
\i0\b0 One point to note is that the user will need to check that the 
\b Min
\b0  and 
\b Max
\b0  values for numeric inputs are suitable . The Quartz Player module can only see the current value for a composition when it opened. It won't know the min/max range expected by Quartz Composer for a particular input. Of course, you can always open up the composition in Quartz Composer to see what range of values work best.]\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 . 
\i Type: String
\i0\b0  - this is for text strings. Text can be entered into the text box and will be sent to the input.\

\b . 
\i Type: Boolean number - 0 or 1
\i0\b0  - This will send a value of "
\b false
\b0 " or "
\b true
\b0 " to the input, depending on if the number is 0 or 1. A button marked 
\b 0-False
\b0  or 
\b 1-True
\b0  sets the value sent to the input. This value can be modulated.\

\b . 
\i Type: Colour - R, G, B, A
\i0\b0  - This will send a colour specified by four numbers, each in the range 0-1. These correspond to 
\b Red
\b0 , 
\b Green
\b0 , 
\b Blue
\b0  and 
\b Alpha
\b0  values. A box next to the numbers displays the colour that will be sent to the input.\

\b . 
\i Type: Directory Name
\i0\b0  - This is for sending a string which is the name of a directory. To create the directory name, press the "
\b Select a File
\b0 " button and then choose any file that is in the directory you want. The directory name will then be shown in the white box and will be sent to the input.\

\b . 
\i Type: File Name
\i0\b0  - This is for sending a string which is the name of a file. To create the file name, press the "
\b Select a File
\b0 " button and then choose the file that you want. The file name will then be shown in the white box and will be sent to the input.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Up to 80 inputs can modulated. However, the modulation will only have an effect if the input 
\b Type
\b0  is 
\b numeric
\b0 . It must be one of the following 
\i\b Type:
\i0\b0  
\i\b Number - Float
\i0\b0 , 
\i\b Number - Integer
\i0\b0 , or 
\i\b Boolean number
\i0\b0 . \
}