{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Spectral FX\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2    \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Module type:  Audio Insert (mono input, mono output)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
Spectral effects can change a mono audio signal in unique ways. Vocoding is an example of a well-known spectral effect, but there are many more which can be combined for further complexity.\
This module uses a DSP process called the fast fourier transform (FFT) which analyzes the frequency spectrum of a signal. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Once analysed, the signal can then be further processed, using up to 6 different processes (from over 50 choices - see below). \
In addition a side chain input can be used to introduce a second audio signal - this is only used in certain labelled processes. \
After all processing, a final process called the inverse fast fourier transform (IFFT) is run, which turns the analysed signal back into an audio signal (resynthesis).\

\b Further info about FFT: 
\b0 To properly explain FFT and what the settings do is quite complex and technical. See online for further details (e.g. search for FFT or Phase Vocoder, & see:  \ul http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phase_vocoder\ulnone  &  \ul http://www.cycling74.com/story/2006/11/2/113327/823\ulnone ). \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\b List of Spectral FX:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Bin Wipe Down - uses side chain audio input\
Bin Wipe Up - uses side chain audio input\
BrickWall High Pass\
BrickWall Low Pass\
Comb Filter\
Comb Integrater - uses side chain audio input\
Common Magnitudes - uses side chain audio input\
Conformal Map\
Cutoff Low Pass - High Pass\
Diffuser\
Disintegrate\
Even Bins Only\
Freeze Spectrum\
Invert Magnitudes\
Local Maximum\
Magnitude Above Threshold\
Magnitude Below Threshold\
Magnitude Clip To Threshold\
Magnitude Compare Maximum - uses side chain audio input\
Magnitude Compare Minimum - uses side chain audio input\
Magnitude Divide - uses side chain audio input\
Magnitude Exponential\
Magnitude Freeze\
Magnitude Log\
Magnitude Multiply\
Magnitude Multiply - uses side chain audio input\
Magnitude Noise\
Magnitude Smear\
Magnitude Smooth\
Magnitude Squared\
Magnitude Stretch & Shift\
Multiply Common Magnitudes - uses side chain audio input\
Noise Keep Using Magnitudes\
Noise Keep Using Phases\
Noise Remove Using Magnitudes\
Noise Remove Using Phases\
Odd Bins Only\
Phase Shift 270\
Phase Shift 90\
Phase Shift Variable\
Random Crossfade - uses side chain audio input\
Randomize Bins\
Scale & Shift Bins\
Soft Wipe - uses side chain audio input\
Spectral Addition - uses side chain audio input\
Spectral Compression\
Spectral Expansion\
Spectral Gate\
Spectral Gate Inverted\
Spectral Morph - uses side chain audio input\
Spectral Multiply - uses side chain audio input\
Spectral Subtract - uses side chain audio input\
Spectral Subtract Zero-limited - uses side chain audio input\
Spectral XFade - uses side chain audio input\
Strongest Bins\
Subtract Magnitudes - uses side chain audio input\
Weekest Bins\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Controls:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
Settings button
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 There are various FFT settings which can be set. For best results, use the one of the default settings.  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Default 1
\b0  - this sets the FFT settings to one recommended default.\

\b Default 2
\b0  - this sets the FFT settings to another recommended default.\
(N.B. for best results, it is recommended to use one of these defaults.)
\b \
FFT size
\b0  - sets the number of FFT bins used for analysis(default 512).\

\b FFT window
\b0  - sets the type of window used for analysis (Sine, Hanning, or Rectangular).\

\b FFT hop
\b0  - sets the amount of offset from one FFT analysis frame to the next.\

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0  - this sets the mix of the original signal with the affected signal.  For send effects this will usually be set to 1 - i.e. 100% affected signal.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 Process 1 button
\b0 \

\b Process 1
\b0  - sets which process will be used. A description of the process will be shown in the box below, along with details of what the parameters Modify 1/2/3 do. \

\b Modify 1
\b0  - sets the Modify 1 control. \

\b Modify 2
\b0  - sets the Modify 2 control. \

\b Modify 3
\b0  - sets the Modify 3 control. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 Process 2/3/4/5/6 buttons
\b0  - see Process 1 button\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Audio Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Side Chain
\b0  - mono audio signal used in some processes. \
  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Proc 1 Mod 1 
\b0 - this means Process 1, Modify 1\

\b Proc 1 Mod 2
\b0 \

\b Proc 1 Mod 3
\b0 \

\b Proc 2 Mod 1
\b0 \

\b Proc 2 Mod 2
\b0 \

\b Proc 2 Mod 3
\b0 \

\b Proc 3 Mod 1
\b0 \

\b Proc 3 Mod 2
\b0 \

\b Proc 3 Mod 3
\b0 \

\b Proc 4 Mod 1
\b0 \

\b Proc 4 Mod 2
\b0 \

\b Proc 4 Mod 3
\b0 \

\b Proc 5 Mod 1
\b0 \

\b Proc 5 Mod 2
\b0 \

\b Proc 5 Mod 3
\b0 \

\b Proc 6 Mod 1
\b0 \

\b Proc 6 Mod 2
\b0 \

\b Proc 6 Mod 3
\b0 \

\b Dry-Wet Mix
\b0   \
}