{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Warp
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Control Insert\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module is for "mapping" or changing the behaviour of a control signal.\
The incoming signal is mapped using a transfer curve which is displayed on the screen.\
The horizontal (left-right) axis of the curve represents the range of values of the input signal (based on the 
\b Input range
\b0  control).\
The vertical (up-down) axis of the curve represents the range of values of the output signal (based on the 
\b Output
\b0  
\b range
\b0  control).\
The default curve is a linear curve which will have no effect on the incoming signal.\
There are 5 slots for storing curves - useful if you are trying out different curves.\
\

\i\b Controls:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Input range
\b0  - limits the range of value coming in. Values outside the range will be forced to be within range. \

\b Warp curve
\b0  - sets a transfer curve which maps the input signal of the warp module to new output values.\

\b Invert
\b0  - turns the curve upside down. \

\b Reverse
\b0  - reverses the curve from right to left. \

\b Smooth
\b0  - evens out spikes or sudden changes in the curve. Useful when curve is drawn by the mouse.\

\b Reset
\b0  - resets the curve to a linear curve.\

\b Load 1/2/3/4/5
\b0  - to load curves stored in 5 slots.\

\b Store 1/2/3/4/5
\b0  - to store curves in 5 slots.\

\b Preset curves
\b0  - select a presets to load it.\

\b Grid rows
\b0  - no of rows (1-99) separated by white lines in the grid behind the curve.
\b \
Grid cols
\b0  - no of columns (1-99) separated by white lines in the grid behind the curve.
\b \
Rebuild curve by mirroring
\b0  - this button can be useful for creating symmetrical curves. The curve is mirrored at the right hand edge.
\b \
Rebuild curve by mirroring & inverting
\b0  - for this button, the curve is mirrored at the right hand edge, inverted and finally the whole curve is normalised.
\b \
Output
\b0  
\b range
\b0  - sets the range of values that the output signal will be mapped to. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 (none)
\b0  \
 \
See example file:  
\b Warp
\b0 \
}