{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Waveshaper
\b0 \
\

\b Module type:  Audio Insert (mono input, mono output)\

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Introduction:
\i0\b0 \
This module changes or distorts to the input signal. It changes the shape of the signal by using a function curve which can be drawn by hand or generated automatically based on harmonics and noise. \
\

\i\b Controls:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
Settings page button\
Shaping type
\b0  - sets type of waveshaping. Can be variable, which changes with the amplitude of the signal, or constant . \

\b Curve
\b0  - the curve used for waveshaping. You can edit the curve with a mouse. Some presets which compress or expand the signal are included.\

\b Invert
\b0  - turns the curve upside down. \

\b Smooth
\b0  - evens out spikes or sudden changes in the curve . Useful when the curve is drawn by the mouse or when noise has been mixed in, it can reduce the harshness of distortion. \

\b Reset
\b0  - resets the curve to a linear curve.\

\b Load 1/2/3/4/5
\b0  - to load curves stored in 5 slots.\

\b Store 1/2/3/4/5
\b0  - to store curves in 5 slots.\

\b Rebuild curve by mirroring & inverting
\b0  - this can be useful for creating waveshaping curves.  The curve is mirrored at the bottom left corner and then the left hand side is inverted. Finally the whole curve is normalised.
\b \
In Gain
\b0  - cuts/boosts the signal before distorting it. This can affect how much distortion occurs. \

\b Out Gain
\b0  - useful for reducing the volume of the distorted signal. This allows the dry and wet signals to be balanced in volume. 
\b \
Dry-Wet Mix
\b0  - this sets the mix of the original signal with the affected signal.  For send effects this will usually be set to 1 - i.e. 100% affected signal.\

\b \
Harmonics page button\
Shaping type, Curve, Invert, Smooth, Reset,  
\i\b0 ... same as above\

\i0\b Harmonics
\b0  - sets the level for 16 harmonics that can be mixed into the curve.\

\b Harm Mix
\b0  - this sets the mix of the harmonics with the original curve.  \

\b Add harmonics to the curve
\b0  - this button mixes in the harmonics (based on the Harmonics and Harm Mix settings). \

\b \
Noise page button\
Shaping type, Curve, Invert, Smooth, Reset, 
\i\b0 ... same as above\

\i0\b Noise Mix
\b0  - this sets the mix of the noise with the original curve.  2 types of noise can be used. Tapered noise will affect louder signals more than quieter ones (similar to amplifier distortion). Untapered noise affects all signals in the same way.\

\b Add tapered noise to the curve
\b0  - this button mixes in tapered noise (based on the Noise Mix setting). \

\b Add untapered noise to the curve
\b0  - this button mixes in untapered noise (based on the Noise Mix setting). \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
Control Modulation Input Busses:
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Dry-Wet Mix
\b0   \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
}